Keep walking for one block and then turn left. After that, walk another block and turn right. Turn left at the first street you see.	"(Disclaimer: I've never made lemonade, don't like it, and don't know how it's made.)
Take some lemons and put them through a lemon squeezer. Squeeze out as much juice as you want for your lemonade. Run it through a filter of some kind to get rid of the seeds or pulp (depending on how much pulp you want you might choose a different kind of filter). After that, add sugar and stir. Taste it until you're satisfied with how sweet it is."																								
When entering the map, first turn left, then walk to the traffic lights and turn right, then go straight and you will see a printing platform turn left, walk a little way and you will see a supermarket, turn right at the door.	1.Place the sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Stir so that the sugar dissolves completely and remove from heat.2.While the water is heating for the simple syrup, juice your lemons. Depending on the size of the lemons, 4 to 6 of them should be enough for one cup of juice. 3.Pour the juice and the simple syrup sugar water into a serving pitcher. Add 2 to 3 cups of cold water and taste. Add more water if you would like it to be more diluted (though note that when you add ice, it will melt and naturally dilute the lemonade).If the lemonade is a little sweet for your taste, add a little more straight lemon juice to it. 4.Refrigerate 30 to 40 minutes , Serve with ice, sliced lemons.																								
aight chad, look out from where the house with the santa gnome's at, mk? you're going to see a brown diagonal path that goes from your end of the street to another, in between a merry go round and a lily pond. walk all the way to the other end where there's a white drinking fountain, and then make a left. make a right at the corner, and then keep walking until you see a grocery store, then turn to the right, and walk all the way down the path and there's the lemonade stand.	"all right, you're going to need to find some lemons. you can either buy them at the grocery store, in the produce aisle, or you can look around your neighborhood and find a lemon tree and pick them while nobody is watching; pick 5-8 large lemons and then take them home. wash the lemons in your kitchen sink with a little bit of running cool water, and then using a knife and a cutting board, place each lemon so that the pointy ends are facing left and right, hold them in place with your non-dominant hand, and then use your dominant hand to carefully use the knife to cut each lemon into two individual pieces, so that each half has one pointy lemon ""tail"" end. after you've cut all your lemons, you need to find a juicer, which is a special piece of equipment, usually made out of plastic, that has a raised circular bump with pointy edges, and has a handle on the side and a collection plate surrounding the circular bump to collect the juice. use your hand and grab each individual lemon slice by the pointy end (the side that isn't lemon flesh), and use gentle pressure to carefully push each piece of lemon onto the pointy juicer bump while rotating the lemon clock and counterclockwise as you push down. you'll notice that the juice falls off the edges of the juicer, as well as some seeds. as soon as you collect enough juice in the juicer that it looks like it will spill onto the table if you squeeze another lemon, grab a serving pitcher, which is a piece of kitchen equipment that has a large handle and a lid for storing liquids inside of, take the lid off of it, and carefully pour the juice that you squeezed from the lemons into the pitcher, making sure that no seeds or pulp accidentally get inside. repeat this process until you're squeezed all the juice from your lemons into your serving pitcher. take your serving pitcher to the kitchen sink, underneath the faucet, and carefully fill the rest of the pitcher about three quarters of the way with cool water. the last step is to add sweetener in the form of white table sugar. get a bag of sugar, which you can buy at the store, and carefully unwrap and open the top of the bag. use a measuring cup to scoop out one portion of sugar from the bag and transfer it to the pitcher. using a long kitchen spoon, stir the pitcher so that the lemons, sugar, and water form a mixture, until you can see that all the sugar crystals have dissolved and you can't hear any of them grinding on the bottom of the pitcher. carefully use the spoon to scoop up a little bit of the lemonade and sip to taste it. if the mixture is too sour, add a little bit more sugar, then stir and taste the mixture again. if the mixture is too sweet, add some more cool water from the kitchen sink. once the mixture is exactly as sweet as you'd like it, grab a glass, which you can fill with ice if you'd like, and then tip over the pitcher to fill the glass with your lemonade."																								
There are several paths in front of you. A house with a gnome in front should be on your left and some pine trees should be on your right. The second path from the left is a dirt path. Walk along that path until you get to an intersection, passing a pond on your right and then a carousel on your left. At the intersection, take the leftmost street, so that the water fountain is on your right. Quickly make the first right, next to the water fountain, which should still be on your right after you make the turn. Soon, a grocery store will be on your left and a dirt path will be on your right. Turn right onto that dirt path and you'll be at the lemonade stand!	Chad, here's a recipe for a light, mild and refreshing lemon drink. Cut a lemon into quarters, and squeeze each quarter as hard as you can into one cup of cold water. Make sure no seeds go into the water! Add half a teaspoon of honey and a small sprig of mint, and stir a bit. Enjoy!																								
Listen Chad, you want to head north east of where you're standing, head through that dirt path right ahead of you between the carnival and the pond. You should find a water fountain a step North of where you exit the path, from there head another few steps north, and then turn right onto another dirt path that will head East, leading right to the lemonade you want.	Get about a dozen lemons, using a juicer or a press, grind the juice out of them, put them in a cup or bowl somewhere. Then get about 4 cups of water, mix it together with your juicy lemon juice. Preferably in a jug or pitcher. Then once that's done, get a few tablespoons of sugar, start with about 2. Pour them into your concoction. After that, it's up to your personal taste if you want Arizona levels of sweetness or if you love that sour sour taste.																								
He can go straight along the road with a playground. There is a pool next to the road, and he will find the lemonade stand if he keeps walking.	Go to the supermarket to buy some lemons, and then cut the lemons into slices. In a small saucepan, mix the sugar and water. Boil and stir to dissolve the sugar. Cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until cool. Remove the seeds from the lemon juice, but leave the pulp. In a jug, stir together the frozen syrup, lemon juice and the remaining water																								
Across the pond and the merry go round	Go to this supermarket																								
Go up towards the grocery store until you get to the traffic light, then take a right towards the carousel all the way down to the end of the playground. Turn left and walk straight until you get to the lemonade stand	Squeeze lemons into a cup, then pour the cup into another cup with a strainer to get the seeds out																								
Walk towards the road,pass by the hospital and turn right. Follow the path straight and turn right. Follow the path to lemonade stand.	"Step 1
In a small saucepan, combine sugar and 1 cup water. Bring to boil and stir to dissolve sugar. Allow to cool to room temperature, then cover and refrigerate until chilled.
Step 2
Remove seeds from lemon juice, but leave pulp. In pitcher, stir together chilled syrup, lemon juice and remaining 7 cups water."																								
Use the path to cut through the park, keep walking until you reach the fountain. From there, head north towards the grocery store, make a right at the first path you see and keep going until you reach the stand.	Take a couple lemons and squeeze the juice out of them into a glass. Next, grab a measuring cup and put one cup of water into the glass. Grab a spoon full of sugar and mix that into the glass and stir.																								
Hey Chad. Getting to the lemonade stand is easy. From your house turn left until you hit the first traffic light and then take a right. Go past the carousel and, at the playground, take a left. Go straight and you'll see it.	"Take 5 lemons and juice them with a juicer. This should give you about a cup of lemon juice. Get a saucepan pour into it 3 cups of water and 3/4 cups of sugar. Put the saucepan on medium until all of the sugar is melted. Let it cool. 

In a pitcher mix together your lemon juice, 1 cup of water, and the sugar water from the saucepan. Enjoy your lemonade!"																								
Head up the street towards the music store. Go past the house on your left. When you get to the first intersection with a stoplight, turn right. Go down this street, past the carousel, then turn left at the first intersection--you'll see a waterfountain at the left opposite corner, that's how you know where to turn. Just go up the street a little ways and park on the curb opposite the grocery store. There's a walkway on your right hand side that goes straight to the lemonade stand.	"Take about 8 lemons, and cut them all in half very gently with your second sharpest knife. Then start squeezing each lemon into a pitcher; I like to put the back of a spoon against the flat bit so that I can squeeze the juice with more precision into the jug. Once you've squeezed all your lemons, you can now fill the jug up with your filtered water of choice, then just start adding spoonfulls of sugar and stir it in until dissolved. This part's really to your taste--just add a spoonfull at a time, stir, taste, go for more if you need it."																								
Head north toward the record stre and take a right turn at the light. Continue down this road. You should see the carousel on your right and the grocery store on your left. Take your first left, just before the water fountain. There's a footpath coming up, it'll be on your right-hand side. Take that and follow it until you get to the lemonade stand.	"Get three unwaxed lemons, a liter of cold water, and measure out 140 grams of caster sugar. You'll need a food processor for this, too. Also a sieve, a bowl big enough to hold everything, and a pitcher. Roughly chop the lemons. Tip the lemons, the sugar, and half the water into a food processor and blend it until the lemon is finely chopped. Pour this mixture into a sieve over a bowl and then press through as much juice as you can. Pour the juice from the bowl into the pitcher, top it up with the remaining water, and give it a good stir.
There you go."																								
Okay, Chad, you're gonna start by going north?yeah, that way, where I'm pointing?up this road until you hit the first stop light, just by the carousel. Carousel. The whirly thing with the uppy-downy horses. At the stop light, turn right. Then go a ways, and take your first left hand turn, at the big water fountain. From there, go a little farther, then turn right onto the dirt road and follow it til you find the lemonade stand. Boom, lemonade.	Okay, here's some lemons. I like to use four or five. Get a knife?no, hand me the knife?alright, we're gonna cut these lemons in half. Okay, now take each of these lemon halves and hold them over your glass. Okay, great, now squeeze them. Yeah, you're gonna get lemon juice on your hands, that's okay. Finish squeezing the lemons until they stop dripping. Okay, great. Go to the sink and fill the glass up with water. Not all the way, leave like an inch from the top of the glass. An inch. About the length of the middle part of your index finger. Your pointing finger. Yeah, good enough. Now take this cereal spoon and scoop like three spoons of sugar into the glass. Yeah, that's the easy part. Stir it up a bunch. Great, just add some ice and you're good.																								
Ok, Chad, Go up the street past the brown house with the red garden gnome on the left, Then at the traffic signal take that right turn, and go down that street, past the carousel that will be on your right hand side, Continue till you get to the water fountain and take the road on your left, half way up the road you will see a path on your right, and a store on your left, take the path to the right, at the end of it is the lemonade stand.	"Ok, Chad, this this is what you need if you don't have the items already,, get 6 Lemons, get 1 lemon juicer if you don't have one, and get a measuring cup that can measure 1 cup of water, as well as a pot to put on the stove a wooden or plastic cooking stirring spoon a knife and a pitcher or mixing bowl to hold the lemonade and to stir it and a bag of normal sugar. Once you have all of that, do the following, Cut the 6 lemons in half, use the lemon juicer and squeeze the juice from the lemons into the pitcher or mixing bowl, once that's done,
take you pot. measure then pour into the pot. 1 cup of water, and then 1 cup of sugar into the pot, turn on the stove and have the water and sugar start to boil, stir it until the sugar is fully dissolved and all you see is a liquid, then take the pot off the heat, let the liquid in the pot cool, you might want to put it in the refrigerator for that, once its cool pour it into the pitcher / mixing bowel were you put the lemon juice. Now measure and pour 6 cups of water into the pitcher / mixing bowl, stir the contents of the pitcher now once you mix it all up, put some ice in it, and pour into a cup and enjoy your lemonade,"																								
Head north till you get to the music store, which has a record on its sign, then head east by taking a left and continue in that direction till you get to the lemonade stand.	Cut the lemons in half, then squeeze them into a bowl, then add water and sugar to the juice, a little bit at a time, tasting it, till it tastes like lemonade!																								
Go to your left and continue to the traffic light. At that intersection turn right continue to the first street on the left. Turn onto this street. Continue until you see a path on the right. Take this path to the lemonade.	Start by juicing the 6 lemons. Cut the lemons in half and squeeze the juice into a gallon sized pot. Add one cup of sugar a dozen ice cubes and fill the pot an inch from the top with cold water. Using a long wooden spoon stir the liquid until the sugar dissolves.																								
Take this path going northeast until you hit the main road, then take a left. Take your first right on the main road, then your next right will take you to the lemonade stand.	Get lemons, get a glass of water, and get some sugar. Get a spoon. With the lemons, cut them up with a knife and squeeze all you can into the glass of water. Then, pour a teaspoon of sugar into the glass. Mix well with the spoon. THen drink.																								
Turn left from here, you will see a wooden house on your left, keep going straight. Once you see a traffic light turn on the next right, go straight and turn left once you see a drinking fountain. After that go straight and turn right once you see the dirt road and follow it all the way and you will be at the lemonade stand.	Squeeze a couple of lemons, add water and sugar and put it on the freezer.																								
Go north-west through the park past the pond and the carousel. Keep going and the lemonade stand is near the water fountain.	Take some lemons and squeeze them out into a container or bowl. Remove any seeds. Add water and sugar until it tastes as sweet as you'd like it. Scoop into glasses then serve.																								
Head north towards the stoplight and carousel. Take a right at the light and head down to the first left by the water fountain. Take that left and follow it north about halfway until you see a dirt path leading to the stand.	Acquire enough lemons to make the amount of juice you want. Juice the lemons by cutting them in half and squeezing out the juice. Remove any pulp, seeds, etc. that you may not want in your drink. Add sugar to taste.																								
Head northeast past the pond with three lilypads and the carousel, once you reach the main street continue east past the water fountain until the next street, then head north until you reach the lemonade stand.	Take your lemons, squeeze them into a glass container and mix with sugar and water. Once your sugar is dissolved in the mixture, pour into a glass with ice and enjoy!																								
If you are facing the road with trees on the right hand side, you will want to take the dirt path at your 10 o'clock. As you are heading down the path, you will pass a pond with lily pads on the right and a carnival round thing on the left. When you reach the three way intersection, you will want to turn to your left by 135 degrees and walk until the next intersection, the water fountain should be on your right as you do this. At the next intersection, turn right, heading north. When you at at the store, you will see a dirt path on your right hand side. Take that path and you will get to the lemonade.	You want to grab a pitcher and fill that pitcher 80% with water. Then throw in 5-10% of the amount of water you added as sugar. Then juice lemons and add the juice in until you have a full pitcher.																								
Chad the first thing you need to do is walk up the street by the wooden house till you reach the stoplight and then make a right. You then walk down that street till you reach a drinking fountain and make a left. On your right you will see a dirt path. Go up the dirt path and you will see the stand.	First grab some lemons, white sugar and a pitcher of water. Put the sugar in the water and stir it so it can start to dissolve. Squeeze the lemon juice out and mix it with the sugar water. Add more sugar or lemon depending on preference.																								
Cross the street and take the diagonal dirt path past the pond and carousel. Walk east on the street past the water fountain on your left and the playground on your right. Turn left at the next street. Lemonaid is at the end of the street.	Get 10 lemons, squeeze the juice into a pitcher, and dont get any seeds in. Use a citrus juicer if you have one. Then dump in some sugar and probably a bunch of water. Adjust to taste, start small.																								
Head straight down the road north until you reach a stop sign. Take the road on the right and keep walking straight until you see a slide. Keep walking a bit further and take the path to your left. Keep walking forward on the path and you should find the lemonade stand.	Grab five lemons, cut them in half with a knife by cutting the midpoint of the lemon with the point ends of the lemon parallel to you. Remove the seeds and grab a large pitcher. Squeeze the lemon juice into the pitcher. Add 5 tablespoons of sugar. Add 1 litre of water and then stir for 5 minutes.																								
Head up to the first stoplight and turn right on the first road that you see. Keep going straight then turn left on the road immediately before the water fountain. Keep going straight until you see the grocery store on your left, at which point turn right onto the nearest path.	Grab yourself some fresh lemons. Squeeze the lemons onto a cup. Then add water to another cup, no more than half the amount of lemon juice. Then mix the two together and there you have some not-so-great lemonade!																								
Take the pathway between the pond and merry go round North East. When you see the water foundation turn left and head North. When you see the Grocery store turn right and take the path to the lemonade stand.	First put sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Stir so that the sugar dissolves completely. Once the sugar as dissolved take the pan off the heat. Then take about 4-6 lemonds depending on size and juice them. Third step pour the juice and water into serving pitcher. Add 2 to 3 cups of cold water and take a sip to see how it tastes. Add more water if you would like it to be more diluted. Last step place the pitcher in the fridge for approximately 30 minutes. Serve with ice																								
"Walk out of your house, down the driveway. 

You will come to a road. If you look across the road you will see a park with a merry go round at the far left end, a path down the middle, and a pond almost directly in front of you with a lamp post next to it. 

Cross the road, and get to, then walk along the entire path until it ends at the next road.

Once at the road you will see a water fountain across the road. ensure no traffic coming and cross the road.. Walk straight north, past the water fountain until you come across another path. Directly to your left, there will be a road with a store on the other side. 

If there is a road in front of you, you've gone too far. turn around and walk back until you see the path. turn right and follow the path until you come a lemonade stand. You can buy your lemonade there"	"You will need 10 lemons for this and a juicer for this. Cut the lemons in half with a knife. once the lemons are cut, set the knife aside. one by one, place the lemons on the juicer and power it on. this will 'squeeze' the lemon out of the fruit into a waiting container/jug. Once a lemon produces no more juice, throw it in your compost/green bin. Repeat for every lemon is done. In the container, add 1/4 cup sugar. Add cold water until desired level of juice is in container. use a spoon or spatula to stir. If any extra lemons are left, cut them into slices and place into the jug. Store in fridge.

Alternatively, buy lemonade drink crystal, empty packet into a jug, add water to the jug, and any required sugar to the lemon crystal/ and water mixture based on package instructions. Stir and then store the jug in the fridge."																								
Continue straight until you come to a street. There will be a forest or line of trees to your right and a cabin on your left. Proceed to take a left on the street to the red light. Hang a right down the street at the red light. A shopping mart will be on your left along with a carousal on your right. Take the second left at the playground and go straight. At the end of the road you will see the fresh cold lemonade stand.	"You will need 12-14 lemons to complete this recipe. Start by rolling 10 the lemons on the table while applying mild pressure to free the juice on the inside. Set aside the pretty ones for garnish later, preferably in the refrigerator. (Do not roll under pressure) Slice the 10 lemons in half one at a time and proceed to squeeze the juice of the two halves into a measuring container or food safe glass for mixing later.. Place on the stove a pot of water containing 4 cups water & 4 cups sugar. Bring to a boil while stirring to create a simple syrup to sweeten our lemonade. After the water has been brought to a boil and our sugar has fully dissolved, set off to the side and turn off the stove. Using the freshly squeezed lemons slice 8 halves discarding the ends into equal quarter inch slices. Place the sliced lemons in the bottom of a gallon pitcher and fill with ice. Pour over our simple syrup melting the ice and stir for 3 minutes. Place pitcher in the refrigerator for 4-6 hours before serving to allow flavors to develop. To serve, remove pitcher and stir for 2 minutes, or use a cocktail shaker and shake over ice.. Ice in our gallon pitcher should have melted by now and low pulp should be visible. If you desire a zero pulp lemonade, strain while pouring over a half filled glass of ice. Garnish with a fresh lemon slice.
(Optional) Add 2 parts vodka to 4 parts lemonade to an ice filled shaker. On a plate zest one lemon and add 1 cup sugar. Mix until the zest is fully mixed with the sugar. Using the lemonade from the pitcher, wet the rim and roll in our sugar / zest mixture to add a ring of sweet / sour to the rim of our glass. Fill half way with ice. Shake our vodka and lemonade mixture and pour over ice to serve, making sure to leave our sugar coated rim intact. Garnish with a lemon slice."																								
You're currently looking at a street. On the right-hand side is a row of evergreen trees and on the left is a pond with some flilies. I want you to walk down that street until you hit an intersection. You'll know you're at the right place because there is a distinctive looking lightpost at that intersection. Once you're there, I want you to make a left hand turn. You will now be facing north. Keep walking. You will face another junction marked by a picnic bench and a portapotty. Your only choice is to either walk straight ahead or to make a right-hand turn. Keep heading straight. You will then face yet another junction. There is a fountain at this junction and you will have the ability to turn left or right. I want you to turn right. Keep walking until you get the opportunity to make a left. There is a little geodesic dome at this junction. When you are here, make a left (i.e., North facing, again) and keep walking. The lemonade stand will be in front of you.	Hi Chad. You will need only one lemon, some sugar, and some hot water to make this recipe. Start by taking your lemon and cutting some slices. How many is up to you - the more slices, the more sour the lemonade is. And of course, the bigger the lemon, the bigger each slice will be, and so two slices from a really big lemon might be just as sour as three slices from a smaller lemon (assuming all other factors are held constant) so don't worry if your first few tries taste too sour or not sour enough. Anyway, even though I cannot predict how big a lemon you will be using, I recommend you start with about three slices. Before you begin cutting the lemon into slices, I recommend you boil about 500ml of water in a kettle. While the water is boiling, begin cutting the lemon on a cutting board. You probably won't use the whole lemon so I'd recommend placing the leftover lemon in a ramekin (cut face down) to prevent/minimize oxidization (i.e., to prevent the lemon from spoiling prematurely without plastic wrap). Grab a ceramic mug and drop the lemon slices ino the mug. I'd recommend adding about 20 grams of sugar. As an alternative, you can use honey, too - though honey tends to be more expensive and perhaps a bit more messy to work with (i.e., it can be stick). When the water is done boiling, simply add as much hot water to the mug as you'd like. Obviously the more water you add, the more dilute the drink will become. These are the basic steps, however, and you are free to vary the amounts to your taste (e.g., more sugar, less sugar, more lemon, less lemon, more water, less water, etc). INcidentally, I find that when my throat is sore, it can be quite nice to add some ginger slices to the lemonade. Not sure if it does anything, but it certainly feels good. 																								
From this intersection, take the footpath heading North East. You will pass a pond on your right and a carousel on your left shortly after that. Once you reach the end of the footpath you will be at an intersection with a water fountain. Take a right from there so that you are heading directly East, past the park with the slide. If you take the first left from there, it will lead straight to the lemonade stand.	Take some lemons and a small cup. You will need to squeeze out the lemon juice from the lemons using a hand press. No need to peel them or anything, just squeeze the juice out. You will need to keep squeezing lemons until you have about a cup of lemon juice. Meanwhile, bring a small pot of water to a boil and add some sugar to it. You can add as much sugar as you like (as sweet as you want). Let the water cool once all the sugar is dissolved and then mix in the lemon juice. You can then refrigerate and serve once cold.																								
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
