Go through the pool and the merry-go-round, then you will see a drinking pool left there is a supermarket, go to the supermarket, there is a crossroads next to the supermarket, walk into the lemonade stand.	"1.Slice the lemons in half.
2.Squeeze them into a large measuring cup. A citrus juicer or squeezer makes this process easier. There should be about 1 1/2 cups of lemon juice to make 2 quarts of lemonade.
3.Remove any seeds.
4.Combine the lemon juice and sugar, stir into the cold water. Serve over ice."
Turn left at the crossroad turn right and then turn left at the first crossroad the shop is on the first lane on the right	Cut a lemon into small pieces and put some into a glass with pure water.
Turn left. Walk past the cabin, the carousel, and the traffic light. Cross the street and keep going straight, past the grocery store. Turn right at the record store and go straight until you get to the lemonade stand.	Cut the lemons in half hamburger-style. Put them in the juicer. Collect the juice and add water and sugar to taste. (I don't have a lemonade recipe so I can't be very detailed.)
You will have to walk across the park where you will see a pond, pine trees and a street light on your right as you walk across it. You will see a traffic light and a horse right to your left side. At the end of the road you will find a junction. Turn to the west of the junction to the direction of the supermarket opposite the direction of playground. You will get another junction move to the North of the junction where you can see a sink to the right and a supermarket to the left. You will find a junction turn to the right of the junction and walking ahead you will see the sink to the right. Move forward and you will find the lemonade shop	You will require some free lemons, sugar and water. Moreover you will require a juice squeeezer, jug and cup. First cut the lemons and extract the juice using the squeezer. After which add some water to reduce the concentration of the juice and finally add sugar for taste.
Go through the merry-go-round and take the first right to the supermarket and then go straight to the right	Rinse the lemons with salt water and slice. Add the baking soda and water to the glass, add the sugar, put the lemon in the glass and add the baking soda water
Follow the road until you get to the water fountain. then, turn right until you see the store. from there you can follow the road to the lemonade.	squeeze the lemons into a glass. then add water and sugar and stir.
Head straight, make a left at the corner with the lamppost, then head straight until you reach the water fountain. Turn right at that corner and the lemonade stand will be directly across from the best buy	Start with some lemons, wash them and cut them in half. Squeeze the juice out of them and strain out the pulp and seeds. Dissolve 2-4 tablespoons of sugar in a glass of water, and add lemon juice. Mix thoroughly and add ice
Walk towards the street with a row of trees on the left. Turn left when you get to the street. Follow that street until you get to the traffic light. Turn right at the traffic light. You will pass a merry go round on your right. Turn left on the first street after the merry go round. You will pass a water fountain on your right. Follow that street until you come to a dirt path on your right across from the grocery store. Take the path to the lemonade stand.	Juice four lemons. Mix the lemon juice with 1 cup sugar and 2 quarts of water.
Ok, so you're going to want to go north, towards the Music Store. So stay on this road, and go up past the park, keeping it on your right. You should see a stop light, keep going straight. You'll pass a grocery store on your right. The music store will be on your left. There's a road across from the music store, that goes behind the grocery store. Go down that road, and it'll take you directly to the lemonade stand.	All right, you're going to need about 8 to 10 lemons. Not the bagged ones, they'll be too small. Get 8 to 10 of the loose ones. Roll them back and forth on the counter or table a few times, then cut them in half. Be careful with the knife. Then you need to juice the lemons. Use a manual juicer, you can find one at the store. You need to get one cup of lemon juice. Strain it so you don't get seeds in it. Sure, you can pick them out with a spoon or whatever. Just make sure you have one cup of juice at the end. Then you need to add one cup of sugar to the lemon juice and mix until the sugar completely dissolves. Yeah, mix until you can't see any more sugar floating around. Then add the lemon juice and sugar mix to a pitcher and add six cups of water to the same pitcher. Then mix all that together. Cover it with a lid, or plastic wrap, or tin foil, something like that, and put it in the fridge for an hour or two, then enjoy.
You are first going to go straight until you see a road in front of you that leads to a bar. While you are walking straight you should see trees on your right and a pond and street lamp on your left. Then you are going to take a left and keep walking straight until you see a water fountain. As you are walking to the water fountain, you should see a bench and a portapotty on your right. Then, you are going to take a right. You should see a park on your right. Then, you are going to turn left at the first left and walk straight until you find the lemonade stand.	First you are going to get two to three lemons out of your fridge. Then, you are going to get a knife and cut the lemons halfway so that the pointy parts of the lemons are on either half. Then, get a cup and squeeze each of the lemon halves on top of the cup so that the lemon juice can fall inside of the cup. Squeeze the lemons until there is about 1/4th of the cup filled with lemon juice. Then you are going to add three to four ice cubes to that same cup. Then you are going to get water from the fridge and pour water inside of that same cup until the cup is filled 3/4th of the way. Then you are going to get your sugar and get a spoon and add one spoonful of sugar into that same cup. Then you are going to stir everything in the cup with the spoon. Then you are ready to enjoy your cup of lemonade.
First I would tell Chad to walk up the path, that passes the carousel and the small lake. When he gets to the end of the path he should reach a water fountain. From the water fountain he should see a grocery store and the lemonade stand. So from the water fountain he should make a left tun and walk a few steps then make a right turn. That right turn should lead him on the path where the grocery store is on his left and the lemonade stand on his right. If he follows the path to his right then he should end up at the lemonade stand.	I would tell chad to Juice some lemons with a juicer. He is going to need a lot of lemons if he wants a lot of lemonade. Then he should get a pitcher to put the lemonade juice in. He should use a strainer to get out any seeds. After he has seedless lemon juice he should add some sugar. The amount of sugar he adds should reflect how much lemon juice he has. If he wants really sweet lemonade then he should add a lot of sugar but If he want sour lemonade then he should add only a small amount of sugar. After adding the sugar to the lemon juice Chad should sir the lemon juice and sugar until the sugar fully dissolves. once the sugar is all the way dissolved then he can add some ice cubes to make the drink cold if he would like. Once that is all done he can drink his lemonade!
Go straight for a tiny bit until you are on the pathway, then go north past the brown house with the red lawn decoration outside until you get to the stoplight next to the carousel. Take that first right immediately after the stoplight, then turn left at the pathway right before the drinking fountain. Walk until you see the gray pathway leading to the lemonade stand, then turn right onto that pathway and walk up to the stand.	Make sure you have four lemons, half a cup of sugar, and 3 cups of water. Cut the lemons in half with a knife on a cutting board, then grab the lemons with your hands and squeeze the juice out into a pitcher. Pour the sugar into the lemon juice inside of the pitcher, and stir it around until it's mixed up. Then pour the water into the pitcher and stir again.
Chad needs to follow the walk way, where he will first pass by a pond with waterlillies. When he reaches the end of this walk way, he will have to take a small left turn, where he will then see a water fountain. If he goes past this water fountain to then go north-east, he will reach the lemonade stand.	If he wants to make lemonade for himself only, Chad can cut 3 lemons in half with any kitchen knife he likes. He will then need a a lemon press in order to press all the lemon juice out into a large cup or a pitcher. He should add about the same amount of water, or a little less, in order to dilute the lemon juice. He can then add around 2 tablespoons of sugar and stir the contents to then enjoy some home made lemonade. 
You are going to want to walk with the forest to your right. You'll pass a pond, and eventually you'll see a light post to your left at an intersection, and then you turn left. Keep walking and you will pass a picnic table, then a porta-potty. You will reach another intersection and there will be a fountain in front of you, make a right. Once you make a right, you will pass a playground and there will be a road to the left. Take that left and you will reach the lemonade.	You want to start with a handful of lemons. Cut each lemon in half and then juice then. You can juice them either by squeezing or you can use a hand juicer. With the lemon juice, you want to put it into a pitcher. You want to fill the pitcher halfway with lemon juice and the other half with water. You want to add sugar to taste, so add it little by little until it is to your liking. You want to stir the sugar every time that you add it in.
Get on the road in front of you and look slightly to your left. There is a dirt path you need to follow until it ends and meets the street again. Once off the path, turn slightly to your right and walk straight until you reach a left turn. Take the left turn and follow the road until you hit the lemonade stand.	Wash and cut 20 lemons in half. Use a juicer to extract the juice from each lemon. Then add 5 cups of water and one cup of sugar. Stir it together 
Hi Chad. To get to the lemonade you will walk out of you house and turn left on the side walk. You will past a pond on your right side. Further along that path will be a carousel that have just horses in it. There will be a streetlight in the corner. You will turn right at that corner. The carousel well now be in your right hand side. You will come to a stop with a fountain you will need to turn left. Walk toward the supermarket and turn to your right. Go down the path and you will be at the lemonade stand.	Take a knife and cut the lemons in half. Use a lemon squeezer to juice the lemons. Add two cups of water and sugar to liking.
Hi Chad, you're going to turn to your left right now and go down one block of that street until you get to the street light. You're going to keep going straight another block until you get to the music store.Once you hit the music store you are going to turn right. The lemonade stand is at the end of this road.	Cut your lemons in half and squeeze all the lemon juice out over a bowl. You need to add some water, enough to how you like it. Add some sugar to cut the bitterness (no more than 1/4 cup). Stir it all up and you've got lemonade.
Take a left go straight past the pond, keep going straight at the lights, walk past the grocery store, when you see the music store take a right. One more block and you will be by the lemonade stand.	Get six lemons, a cup of sugar, and 6 cups water. squeeze all the juice out of the lemons. Then add the sugar, lemon juice, and water to a pitcher and stir well, add more water if it is too sweet or too sour.
Head north in this direction (point toward north direction). When you reach the first intersection with a traffic light, turn right. After you turn right, you should notice a merry-go-round on your right. Keep walking until you reach the next intersection. you should see a drinking fountain at this intersection. Turn left. Walk for a bit, and then take the first path on the right you can see. Keep walking and you should get to the lemonade stand.	Cut open the lemons with a knife. Squeeze lemon juice using a fruit juicer into a cup/pitcher (container size depends on how much you want to make). Add water to your chosen container (amount of water depends on how sour you want your lemonade to be). Add a teaspoon of sugar, and try the lemonade to see if it's to your taste; if not, add another teaspoon of sugar until you are satisfied with the taste.
First, you would make sure that the log Gabin with the red gnome outside is to your left. You are going to walk for a block. On that block, you should pass a forest on your right and a lily pond on your left. Stop when you see the street lamp after the lily pond. Take a left at the street lamp. You will see a picnic table on your right and a potty across the street from it. Keep going. At the end of the street, take a right. Your first left will take you to the lemonade stand.	First make sure that you have 3 lemons, a knife, a squeezer, a cup of sugar, an ice tray, water and a pouring jug. Don't forget the cups to serve yourself! Take the knife and cut the lemons in half. Hold the squeezer over the pouring jug to squeeze the lemons into the pouring jug. Then add your water and ice. Pour the sugar into the pouring jug and mix with the knife. Serve yourself with the cups!
When you leave your house turn left onto the road and then right at the stoplight. Turn left at the next road before the water fountain then right at the dirt road. Follow it to the lemonade stand.	Start with 5 lemons. Cut them in half and squeeze out the juice into a tall picture. Make sure not to let the seeds go into the picture. Add 1 cup of sugar and 4 cups of water. Stir well. Serve in tall glasses over ice.
Go down that dirt path there, down past the little pond. You see the red carousel down there? Keep going on the dirt path til you get past the carousel and get to the street. When you get to the street, you'll see a drinking fountain across on the other side. Cross the street and go left past the drinking fountain, and keep going down the street. You'll see another dirt path on your right that leads directly to the lemonade stand.	You need about 6 lemons, a gallon juice pitcher with a straining pour lid, a sharp knife, a cup of sugar, and a gallon of water. Start by cutting the lemons in half and then squeezing them directly into the pitcher. Squeeze as hard as you can to get all the juice out. Add the water, then the sugar. Then stir it all together with a whisk or spoon. Pour the juice into a cup making sure the straining lid is on right and enjoy.
Go straight and you will see a small pond and a lamppost. Right when you pass the lamp post, make a left and walk a little bit. You will pass a green picnic table and a green bathroom. Once you see the water fountain, make a right. Walk for a little and once you see the playground, make a left and walk straight for a little. You will see the lemonade stand.	Start with 10 lemons and a pitcher. Cut the lemons in half and squeeze the juice out of the halves into the pitcher. Then fill up the pitcher about halfway with water. Stir the water/lemon juice with a spoon. Then, add 3 tablespoons of white granulated sugar to the lemonade and stir vigorously. Taste the lemonade. If it is too sweet, add more lemon juice. If it tastes too sour, add more water and sugar. Only add a little bit at a time, and taste it every time after you add an ingredient. 
go straight down the road lined with trees on the right hand side, then turn left at the intersection with the lamp post. go straight until you get to the water fountain, then turn right. at the next opportunity to turn left, take the left and go straight until you reach the lemonade stand.	starting with two lemons, squeeze all of their juice into a strainer to separate the pulp and the juice. the strainer should be held over a bowl or big cup to catch the juice. add 2 cups of water and 1 1/2 cups of sugar to a sauce pan. simmer until the sugar is dissolved. put the sugar water into the refrigerator to cool it. then, mix the lemon juice into the cooled sugar water. add more sugar until satsified with the flavour. 
First turn left on the street you are standing in front of. When you reach the stoplight, turn right. After you pass the carousel and the supermarket, you will see a water fountain on your left. Then, turn left onto that street. It is the first left. Now, walk past the water fountain and you will see a foot path on your right. Turn right onto the footpath and walk straight, then you will be at the lemonade stand.	You will need 8 lemons, water, and sugar. Squeeze the juice of 8 lemons into a strainer over a bowl so that no pulp gets into the juice. Once you have your lemon juice, combine that with 8 cups of water. Finally, add 2 cups of white sugar and mix well with a large spoon until the sugar is dissolved.
Hi Chad! Here's how you will get to the lemonade stand: On your left will be a cabin, on your right a line of trees, and in between those will be a path that heads over to the lemonade stand diagonally. You will take that pass, which passes by a small pond on the right and a carousel on the left. When you reach the water fountain that is the end of the path. Go past the water fountain by keeping it on your right side, you will see a grocery store ahead on the right. Across from the store, on your right, will be a direct path to the lemonade stand. You will have to turn right onto it then just keep going straight until you reach the stand! Enjoy your lemonade!	"1. Gather your ingredients: 8 lemons, 2 cups of sugar, 8 cups of water, ice to keep it chill.
2. Slice the lemons in half so that way you can squeeze the juice out of them. You will want to do this over a bowl with a strainer to catch all of the seeds.
3. Once all of the lemons have been squeezed, make sure there are no seeds in the juice, and pour it into the pitcher.
4. Pour the 8 cups of water in there as well.
5. To sweeten it up, as the 2 cups of sugar.
6. Stir well until the sugar has dissolved.
7. Place into the fridge to chill.
8. Pour yourself a glass over ice!
9. Enjoy!"
Okay! So when you leave your house, you should turn left towards the white and red carousel. When you reach the lights, turn right, past the carousel. Finally, you're going to want to cross the street by the water fountain, keep walking down that street until you reach a path on your right and the lemonade stand is at the end!	Using the lemons, you should cut them in half and juice them. You can use a machine, a hand juicer or you can just squeeze them into a bowl. Next, add some sugar (about a tbsp at a time), start with just a little bit and keep trying the lemonade until it is sweet enough. Depending on how strong you like it, add a little bit of water as well.
Chad must go straight, where a line of trees will be to his right. He then must turn left where there is a black lightpost and a pond. Once he has turned left, he must go straight and to his right there will be a port-a-potty and children's playground, while to the left there will be a path running through a field and a merry-go-round. He will reach a water fountain, where there is a fork in the road. He must turn right at the fork and walk along the other side of the children's playground, closet to the slide and climbing structure. Directly across from the climbing structure is another turn, where he will go left to reach the lemonade stand.	"Get a large pitcher or jar to put the juice in. Squeeze the juice from 6 lemons into the pitcher or jar.
Add 12 cups of water to the pitcher or jar.
Add 2 tablespoons of maple syrup or 1/4 cup of sugar.
Stir the mixture."
Travel north until you reach the music shop. Once you reach this building, travel east until you reach the lemonade stand.	Start by purchasing lemons and sugar from the grocery store. Then cut the lemons in half and squeeze their juice into a pitcher. Be sure to not let any seeds fall in. Then add water to fill the pitcher almost to the top. Add 2 tablespoons of sugar to the pitcher and stir the pitcher with a long spoon. Taste the lemonade to see if it is to your liking. If not, keep adding tablespoons of sugar until it is.
Turn left and walk up to the record store. turn right (with your back to the store) and walk on the sidewalk to the end. You’ll see the lemonade store to the right of the end of the path.	Cut 3 lemons in half. Squeeze the lemon halves into a clean jug, one at a time. Add 6 cups of water to the jug and half a cup of sugar. Stir and see how sweet it is. Add more sugar if you need more.
#1. Leave your house and cross the street to the park. Walk away from your house along the path in the middle of the park - make sure the pond on your right and the carousel is on your right. #2. When you reach the corner, you'll see the playground across the street on your right - don't go that way. You'll also see the grocery store way over on your left - don't go that way either! Cross the street right in front of you (safely) to where you can see the water fountain. #3. You should be able to see me now, but you can also find the path and follow it to the right to my lemonade stand.	Get a bunch of lemons. Now get that many lemons again, because you're going to need way more lemons than you think. Cut all of your lemons in half. Squeeze all the juice from the lemons into a small bowl - don't want any seeds in the juice, and it's easy to pick them out this way. Fill a jug about 3/4 of water, and add your lemon juice. Add sugar to sweeten, but start with small amount and add little by little. Stir well.
Head directly north towards the traffic light. Then, keep heading north until you see the grocery store. Turn right and keep heading east until you walk past the grocery store and head down the dirt road. The lemonade stand should be straight ahead.	Wash the lemons and cut them in half. Squeeze out the juice into a pitcher and take out the seeds. Next, boil some water with some sugar in it. After it boils, mix everything together in the pitcher and add some ice cubes.
Chad, follow the path in front of you. Once you reach a water fountain you'll probably see a grocery store. It has a giant cart on the front. Go up to the store and then make a right. The lemonade store should be there.	Chad cut the lemon's in half. Then squeeze the lemon juice into an empty cup. Fill the cup with water and then add 2 tablespoons of sugar. Mix everything together and drink it sis.
Chad will have make a left and walk northeast past the pond and the merry go round. the merry go round will be on his left and the pond is on his right. He will then pass a water fountain on his right hand side. the lemonade stand is right in front of him.	Chad will have to have a dozen or some lemons. Cut the lemons in half. Squeeze the juice in a juice pitcher. Make sure you catch the seeds and throw them away. You can use a spoon to fetch the seeds from the pitcher once your done squeezing the lemons. Add a cup of sugar. And 4 cups of water. mix all ingredients together. Chill and enjoy!
okey, so you gotta go forward and you will cross a park, to your right you will see a carousel and to your left a mini lagoon, the when you get to the corner you have to turn right and then left the you keep through and you will find the lemonade stan	you have to squeeze a lemon and add water, like 500 mL, that will depend on how acid you like your lemonade, and then add some sugar to taste
From your house, turn left towards the music shop. You will see a traffic light at the first intersection. When you reach the traffic light, turn right. You will see a carousel on your right. Turn left at the first street. You will see a drinking fountain at this intersection. The lemonade stand will be on your right hand side. It is located directly across the street from a grocery store.	To make lemonaide, you will need about 10 fresh lemons.  Wash the lemons.  Cut each lemon in half with a sharp knife.  Squeeze the juice out of it into a large jug.  Fill the rest of the jug about 3/4 full with cold water.  Add as much sugar as you want for your tastes.  Chill in the fridge until you want to drink it.  Serve over ice with a slice of lemon.
You need to turn left, all the way to where that music shop is at. Then if you look right when you're standing to the side of the music shop you'll see the lemonade stand. You walk there til you reach it.	You'll have six lemons, then take a veggie peeler and carefully take the yellow skin off, not the white underneath. Then you'll take a pot and add a cup of water, around 8oz on a measuring cup. You'll put the pot of water on a stove and turn the heat dial to medium heat. Once it starts to bubble put the lemon peels in there and let it simmer, while that happens add a cup and a half of sugar in there and mix it till it dissolves. Turn off the heat and let it sit there while you take a cutting board, put the lemons on it, then take a knife and slice each one in half. Then take a bowl and squeezing as much juice as you can out of all of them in the bowl and discarding the leftover lemon when there's no juice in it. Get a pitcher, a tall glass you can pour from is what it is. Get a strainer, the thing that can help the seeds not pass through and pour that bowl with the strainer on top of the pitcher. Discard the seeds then add the lemon peel sugar mixture in the pitcher, then around 5 cups of water or until it tastes right to you then you're done.
Chad will step onto the street and he will see the house on the left (stretch your arms out in front of you Chad and focus on your hands. Make them into a fist and only extend your index fingers and thumbs. The hand that the fingers look like an "L" is the left side, aka the direction you should walk in.) Keep walking until you see the music venue. Make a right at that street. Walk one block, then make a right. Walk halfway down the street. You will see a grocery store, and a path. Make a left onto the path, walking away from the grocery store. Your bud with the lemons will be at the end of the path!	"Hi Chad, please read all of the instructions before you leave your house to buy any ingredients or supplies. You will need to purchase about 15 lemons, and a package of sugar at the store and you will add water to this. This is what you need to make the lemonade. But you will also need a pitcher to hold the lemonade, a saucepan to boil water to make the sugar and water into syrup, a measuring cup to measure the water, a large spoon, a cutting board and a sharp knife to cut the lemons open, a citrus squeezer to help get as much juice as possible out of the lemons (or a strong grip to squeeze them yourself), and ice to make the lemonade very cold. Once you have all of these items, you can start making the lemonade. 

You will wash the lemons and cut them in half, and squeeze all the juice into the pitcher. You can also fill the pitcher about halfway with ice. You will need to boil a cup of water in the saucepan which you will measure out with the measuring cup. Turn on the sink and fill the measuring cup to the 1 cup mark, then pour that into the saucepan. Once the saucepan has the water in it, you can turn on the stove so the flame is on, and wait until the water starts steaming and bubbling. Once the water has boiled, you can turn the stove off so there is no more flame, and pour in one cup of sugar into the water. Stir until the sugar has dissolved into the water. You can pour an additional cup of water into this mixture and stir until smooth. You can then pour this mixture over the lemon juice and water in the pitcher, and mix with a large spoon. Taste the mixture, it should be a little too sweet and lemony, so you are going to add more water to dilute it until it tastes good to you. Add more water to fill the pitcher 1 cup at a time and mix it all together for about 20 seconds until you are happy with how it tastes. Once you like it, you can pour it into individual glasses.  "
Follow the path straight, turn left, then right by the water fountain, then take the first right and follow the path to the lemonade stand.	First get a glass picture, a spook, 10 lemons out of the refrigerator, and sugar from the pantry. The roll the lemons to make them soft. Next you will need to get a knife out of the drawer and slice the lemons in half. Next squeeze the lemons into the picture. Next, add water to the picture until it is almost full. The last step is to add sugar until the lemonade is as sweet as you would like it. After stirring the lemonade, taste it to see if you like it.
From the house with the red, bearded gnome in front, take the diagonal dirt path that runs through the park. If you're heading in the right direction, you should see a red and white merry go round to your left and a pond to your right. Once you make it to the end of the path and end up on the paved streets, you'll see a water fountain. Head down the street from the right (or east) of the water fountain until you see another path opening to your left. Across the street to this path, you will see a red and blue globe-like jungle gym structure. Head down this path to the left and you'll end up at the lemonade stand.	Starting with lemons, roll them a little on a flat surface, applying a little pressure. Cut the lemons in half on a cutting board with a sharp knife. Cut the lemon perpendicular to the axis which runs through the two pointy ends. This way, the cut face of the lemon should be round. Then, either using a citrus juicer tool or a fork, juice the lemon. If you're using a fork, you can use the fork to dig within the lemon flesh, and squeeze the lemon. You can use a strainer to catch pulp and seeds, or cup a hand under the lemon as your squeeze with your other hand to catch seeds. Cut and squeeze enough lemons to fill up about 1/4 of the pitcher. Put the juice in a container and set aside. Boil some water on the stove so that it's hot. Add this water to the pitcher so that it reaches 3/4 of the way. Measure a cup of white sugar and pour it into the pitcher. Mix the hot water with a wooden spoon until the sugar is dissolved. Let the water and sugar cool. Then add the lemon juice to the pitcher and mix. Don't fill the pitcher all the way to make sure it doesn't spill. You can also take ice cubes from the fridge and put them into the pitcher, or you can put ice cubes into your drinking cup. As embellishment, you can use kitchen scissors to cut some mint leaves and add them into the pitcher. Then you can pour yourself a glass of lemonade and enjoy.
Turn around and walk past the gnome. Walk past the house on your left. Go straight. To your left you'll see a pond and then a carousel to your right. Keep walking straight. Next to the carousel you will see a stop light. Your half way. Keep going straight till you see a music store. Right next to the music store you see a road. Turn right on to the road. Walk straight once on the road. To your right you will see the lemonade stand.	When making lemon aid you only need 3 things. Lemons water and sugar. Take a few lemons. Maybe like 4-5. Roll them on the counter to release the juice. After rolling them cut them in half. Squeeze all the juice out you can. Squeeze them in to a large pitcher. Do this for each lemon. Make sure its large. After add a few cups of water till you like the flavor. Once that's over add sugar till your preferred level of sweetness.
Go left, then go straight, past, the traffic light and carousel. Keep going, past the grocery store. Turn left at the music shop. Then go straight, past the grocery store, until you arrive at the lemonade stand. It says "lemonade" on the front, with a large half lemon on the front, and the stand worker has green spiky hair and is wearing sunglasses.	Get a few fresh lemons. Squeeze the lemon to get the juice out until no more juice will come out and you have your desired amount of juice. Then, in a pitcher, mix 1 part lemon juice with 2 parts water and 1 part sugar.
To find the lemonade stand, you'd keep straight and go past the merry go round, that's on the left hand side of the street. Then when you reach the end of the block, you'll turn left, and will walk past a playground that's on on the right. Then you'll make a left at the end of the block, walk down to the next side street, and make a right. Then you'll see the lemonade stand on the right.	"To make lemonade you'll need 4 lemons, 1 cup of sugar, 4 cups of water, something to squeeze the lemons, a measuring cup, a pitcher, and a spoon. 

First you'll need to squeeze the lemons to get the juice from them, and put it into the pitcher. You'd need to either use a machine to squeeze the juice from the lemons, or squeeze it with your hands. You'd only use the juice, and you'd throw away the pulp and skin. 

Then you'd pour the sugar into the measuring cup, until it's 1 cup. Then pour it into the pitcher. You'd then measure 4 cups of water with the measuring cup, and pour it into the pitcher. Then you'd take the spoon and stir everything in the picher together. If you want rhe lemonade to be colder, then you'd either add ice cubed or put it in the refrigerator."
Chad start by going Northeast. There will be a pond on your right. Soon , you will pass a merry-go-round on your left. Once you reach the sink, after passing the portapotty, go around it. Keep heading in the same direction until you reach the lemonade stand.	Take your lemons and cut them in half. Grab a pitcher and fill it with hot water. Take the seeds out of the lemons. Now hold one half at a time and squeeze all of the juice out of each lemon. Then, stir mixture and place in fridge until it is cold.
Go up the street, past the merry go around and stop light. When you see the grocery store, turn right and walk past it. The lemonade stand will be past the grocery store, on a dirt road	You will need lemons. Squeeze out all the juice from the lemons, either with your hands or with a juicer, into a large jar or jug. It's okay if you get lemon pulp in it, but try not to get any seeds in there. Next, add in some water and sugar. Put it in the fridge to get cold
To get to the lemonade stand, turn right after the closed down gas station. After driving about 2 miles, look on the left just after the water tower. 	To make homemade lemonade you need water, sugar, and 4 lemons. Squeeze the lemons and mix in the water with sugar.
Go around the pine trees, then pass the pharmacy and playground and the lemonade stand will be on the left.	"Add water to cup
Squeeze one lemon into water 
Add sugar
Stir"
Take the central dirt road all the way until  you get to the water fountain. At this take a left and the immediate right turn. Follow this road until you see the dirt road on the right. Take this dirt road and you will get to the lemonade stand.	Take 5 full-size lemonade, and juice them. Add 2 cups of water in a half cup of sugar. Mix well and enjoy.
Starting from the brown house, step onto the road in front of you. Go up until you reach the traffic light. It's the light with the red light at the very top, followed by the yellow and green lights. Turn right on this road and keep going straight and just before you reach the water fountain, you want to turn up, on the road where the grocery store ends. It's next to the "buy" sign. On that road, parallel to the same "buy" sign, and to the right, is a path that leads to the lemonade stand. Keep walking on that path until you arrive.	First, you want to start with some lemons. You'll need about 10 medium lemons. You'll also need a pitcher, 12 cups of water and 1 and a half cups of sugar. Any sugar will do. Pour the water into the pitcher, then juice the lemons, being careful not to let the seeds fall into the water. Once you're done juicing the lemons, add the sugar and use a wooden spoon to stir the mixture until all of the ingredients have combined. Serve with ice and enjoy.
Okay Chad, so you are going to start off by just walking a couple steps straight forward until you are on the road and then you are going to turn to your left and start walking. You'll pass another foot path on your right and a house with a red garden gnome on your left. Thats how you'll know you are going the right way. When you get to the stoplight turn right. You'll see a merry go round on your right. Take the first left you come to where you'll pass a water fountain. Finally youll come to an intersection with a store on your left and a footpath on your right, turn right onto the footpath and you'll find the lemonade stand	Take some lemons and and cut them in half. Squeeze the lemons one by one in to a pitcher of ice water. After adding five or six lemons taste the water and see if you want to add more lemon. Add sugar to taste. 
From your house you are going to head northeast on the the dirt trail. You will pass a lake and a carasaol. Keep following this trail until you see a drinking fountain. You will then walk north till you see the trail again you will then follow the trail till you see the lemonade stand.	To start you first need to get 3 lemons. You will first grab a nice and cut the lemons in half. You then grab a bowl and squeeze the lemon juice out of the lemons. You will then measure out 1 cup of sugar. Place the sugar into the bowl. Then fill up two cups of water and place them into the bowl. Then using a spoon mix the lemonade. Transfer the lemonade into a cup to drink.
Chad, you will leave your place and go to the nearest intersection from your place, don't take the short cut that goes north east direction which passes the small pond and carrousel instead, turn north or turn left and go straight until you see a traffic light then turn right. Walk until you find a fountain and take a left there. On your left will be a big grocery store, and on the right, there will be a short cut road and walk through that to find a lemonade stand 	Lemons need to be washed. If you have some salt or baking soda, grab a spoonful and rub each lemon with the baking soda. Once done rubbing for a min or tow, rinse it. Next get a cutting board and a knife, and slice the lemon in half. Get a squeezer and squeeze the half and collect only juice into a cup. Put some sugar and ice and fill up the cup with still water.
You’re going to go straight like you’re walking to the music store. Once you pass the carousel, at the stop light, make a right walk to you get to the water fountain then make a left walk a little ways up then you will see a path in your right walk down the path and you are at the lemonade stand. 	To make lemon aid you will start with a really really big glass. To the glass add about halfway with water then you’re going to add a packet of lemonade mix to the water. Mix that really well till the packet is dissolved then add ice and more water till the glass of filled to the top. 
You will want to take the tan path in between the pond and the carousel. That path starts at the corner of the road. Pine trees will be to your right and a stop light will be at the end of the block to your left. Once you get to the end of the path turn left until you hit the fountain and then turn right. It will be the only road on the right that you can turn on. Stay on the right side of the road until you hit another tan path. Turn right on that path and you will find the lemonade stand! 	Frist grab a pitcher or a large drinking container, pour in your lemonade mix according to the directions of how much to use, this will be poured into the pitcher, next pour 2 cups of sugar into the pitcher, fill with cold water, add ice cubes for extra coldness, stir, enjoy
Chad.  Walk south a few steps and enter the maze.  Take a right when you see the row of green trees.  After passing the six trees on your right take a left.  keep walking straight pass a driveway, then a bench, then a porta potty. After that take a right and walk past two playground pieces.  Then take a left and straight ahead is the lemonade stand.	Get a pitcher and measuring cup.  Measure four cups of water and add to pitcher.  Measure two cups of sugar to pitcher.  Get six lemons and slice in half.  Squeeze juice in pitcher and stir.  The enjoy.
Start walking straight on the dirt path that runs diagonally between the two streets. Continue walking until you reach the end. You will pass a carousel on your left and a pond on your right. When you get to the end of the path turn left and then take the first right turn at the water fountain. Walk forward until a dirt path appears on your right. Stop. Turn right towards the path. Continue forward on the path until you reach the lemonade stand. 	Take six lemons out of the refrigerator. Place them on a cutting board. Cut them across the middle. Get a pitcher down. Get two cups of sugar. Place the sugar in the pitcher. Squeeze the lemons so the juice falls in the pitcher. Fill pitcher the rest of the way with water. Put pitcher in refrigerator to cool. 
Follow the dirt path until you see the water fountain, then walk past the slide and make a left and youll be at the lemonade stand	cut lemons, juice lemons using a juicer, mix lemon juice with sugar and add water and ice
To get to the lemonade stand, walk straight down the road in the direction of the stop light. When you reach the stoplight next to the merry-go-round, turn right. Walk down that street and when you see the water fountain, turn left, then walk down that road until you see the dirt path to the lemonade stand. Walk down that path to get your lemonade!	Cut 10 lemons in half with a knife. Squeeze the cut lemons in your hands over a bowl covered by a fine mesh strainer to get the juice out. Add sugar to taste, until it's nice and sweet. Pour the lemonade in a big pitcher with ice
Turn left on the street that you are currently facing. Walk one block until you get to a stoplight. By this point you will have passed an orange and white carousel. When you get to the stoplight, turn right. Walk one block. As you walk, you will pass a grocery store on your left that is having a sale. One you pass the grocery store, turn left. Once you have turned left there should be a water fountain immediately to your right. Continue walking straight until you reach an unpaved path on your right. If you come to a paved street, you have gone too far. Turn right down the unpaved path, and it leads to a lemonade stand.	Get around 10 lemons. Squeeze them until you have about 1 and 1/2 cups of juice. Set the juice aside. Next, mix 1.5 cups of sugar and 1 cup of water in a pot on the stove. Bring the pot to a boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Set aside to cool. Get a pitcher. Add 8 cups of ice-cold water to the pitcher. Pour in the lemon juice and stir. Add a little bit of the sugar water and stir. Taste. If it's not sweet enough, add a little more of the sugar water and stir and taste again. Continue adding the sugar water a little bit at a time until it reaches the desired sweetness.
OK Chad it to first you need to step onto the sidewalk next to your house. You should be a the intersection of the sidewalk with three concrete paths and one dirt path. Walk on the dirt path past the merry go round and pond. Once you reach the end of the dirt path, step back onto the sidewalk and face the water fountain. Turn right and walk straight until you reach the jungle gym. Turn left and walk straight, you should reach the lemonade stand! 	Cut three lemons into halves. You will need a knife and cutting board for this. Use a juicer on each lemon half then pour this juice into an empty pitcher. Once you’ve added the juice from each lemon, add 3 cups of cold water and 1 tablespoon of white sugar. Give this a good stir with a big spoon. You can put it in the fridge or have a glass with some ice. 
OK Chad, go straight down the road between the pine trees and the pond. When you reach the end of that road turn left and go straight down that road past the portapotty and playground. When you get to the end of that road turn left. As soon as you pass the water fountain turn right. As soon as you get to the grocery store turn right and take the trail all the way to the lemoonade stand	Alright chad. The first thing you are going to do is gather your ingredients. You'll need lemons, water,  and sugar. You'll also need a knife, a pitcher and something to stir with like a spoon. Pour all of your water into the pitcher and then add your sugar. Stir together the wter and sugar until all of the sugar is dissolved. THen you will use the knife to slice the lemons. Squeeze the lemon juice into the pitcher and stir it all together. If it's too tart add more sugar and if it's too sweet add more lemond. If you want you can add ice. Pour the lemonade into the glass ands enjoy. 
Chad, you are going to want to walk to yout left until you get to a stop light. Then at the stop light take a right and walk straight past the carnival ride and stop once you get to the water fountain. Once there, take a left until you get to a dirt road path. Go down the dirt road path and you will be at the lemonade stand. 	For this recipe, you will need, 3 lemons, sugar to taste, 1 gallon of water, and ice. First, you are going to get a pitcher and fill it with water, then get some ripe lemons and cut them in half, then get a lemon juicer and juice the three lemons, then pour the lemon juice into the pitcher of water. Then add as much sugar as you would like. You can add some ice if you want as well. 
Turn left right here at this intersection and go up to the light by the carousel. Turn right at that light, then take your first left. When you come to a dirt road on the right, take it, then the lemonade stand will be at the end.	First, get some lemons. Cut them in half and then squeeze or use a juicer to get all of the juice out. Add sugar to taste. Add ice so it's cold.
Chad, you will have to go north in order to get to the lemonade stand. So as you leave your home you must walk in the north direction where you will see a carousel to your left and a pound of lilies to your right. If you end up surrounded by trees, you will have to go back from where you came from. As you pass the pond and the carousel, you should see a drinking fountain to your left and from the fountain you should be able to see the stand. Make your way to the lemonade stand. 	Start by washing 4 lemons thoroughly and then rolling them on the countertop. Cut the lemons in half, remove the seeds, and extract the juice using a juicer or by squeezing. Then dissolving 1 cup (0.24 l) of granulated sugar in 1 cup (0.24 l) of water on medium heat to create a syrup, then let it cool. In a pitcher, combine the freshly squeezed lemon juice with the cooled syrup. Add 3 cups (0.71 l) of cold water to the pitcher and adjust based on your taste preference. Chill the mixture in the refrigerator for about an hour. When ready to serve, pour the lemonade over ice in glasses and garnish with lemon slices and mint leaves if desired. 
First, head north until you reach the traffic light, then make a right. Continue straight, you should see the carousel on your righthand side. After you see a water fountain on your left, make the next left. Continue in that road until the end. You should have reached your lemonade stand now 	First you will need to gather your equipment and ingredients. You will need a large pitcher, a large mixing utensil like a wooden spoon, a packet of powdered lemonade mix, and a source of water. When you have gathered these things, you are ready to begin making lemonade. Take the powdered lemonade mix and empty it into the pitcher. Then add water until the pitcher is nearly full. Finally, use the large mixing utensil to mix the water and powder until the powder is dissolved. 
