Head up the north east path, there should be a carousel to your left and a pond to your right. Once you reach the fountain head up north and then right when you reach the path. Keep on going until you reach the lemons.	Sorry Chad, I'm winging this lemonade recipie. Start with a bag of lemons. Slice your lemons in half, take out the seeds, and squeeze the juice into a measuring cup. Keep going until you have about a cup and a half of juice. In a small pan, combine eight cups of water and and one cup of sugar and heat just enough to dissolve the sugar. Stir to mix. In a large pitcher, combine lemon juice and simple syrup. Cool it in the fridge.																								
Cut across the block with the pond in it, using the dirt road. That should put you on the corner with the water fountain. On the opposite corner of that block is the lemonade stand. you can either go up and over to your right, or go right first then head up towards the stand.	To the best of my knowledge, lemonade is just lemon juice, water and sugar but I've never made it myself. I suppose you would start by juicing some lemons. You can do this by hand or with a citrus juicer. Make sure to remove any seeds and other stuff you wouldn't want in your lemonade. You could probably just pass the juice through a sieve, but cheesecloth would also work fine. Your juice is going to be pretty concentrated and sharp, so you'll want to dilute it with some water and add in sugar till it tastes right to you. Then you'll want to refrigerate it so it doesn't start to go bad.																								
Chad, you will need to follow the path straight in front of you- to your right there will be a pond with lily pads and a streetlight and then to your left there will be carousal. When you get to the port-a-potty, keep going straight where you will see a water fountain. When you get there, go around and continue to go straight and the lemonade stand will be right there.	To start, I would select five lemons and cut them in half and use a juicer to help get every drop out. After that, I would add a pint of water to help it go further. Then you will need about three cups of sugar, or enough to taste in order to balance the acidity. 																								
To get to your lemonade stand you?re first going to have to go north up the white path until you get to the music store, then you?ll turn left and go straight until you get to your destination.	So first you?ll get some lemons. Cut the lemons in half and use a juicer to squeeze all of the juice out. Then you?ll add this juice to a jug. From here, you can either add some water or some cranberry juice to make it taste better, along with some sugar.																								
Chad, from your home, go straight towards the music store. Once you are in front of the music store, turn until you see the grocery store. Go towards the grocery story, keeping behind it. You will go straight until you can see the lemonade stand. There you go!	Once you have lemons, make sure you have sugar and water. Ice is optional. Cut the lemons into segments -- not halves. Cut them in half and then cut each half into thirds. Then squeeze the lemon juice into a glass or pitcher. For each lemon you squeeze, add 2 spoons of sugar. Stir the sugar and juice together with a spoon. Add ice (if wanted), and then add water until the color of the lemonade is a pale yellow. Taste the lemonade. Add more sugar or lemon juice as needed! You can also zest the lemon and add it in. 																								
The shortest way to get lemonade is to cut diagonally north east going upward through the park. As you're cutting through the park you'll pass by a pond and a carousel. You'll be done cutting through the park once you reach a water fountain. Once you reach the water fountain, walk west briefly then take the first available turn which is facing north. Keep walking straight on that path until you reach a unpaved path on your right, take that path and keep walking it until you reach the lemonade stand	Start with some lemons, cut them into halves and squeeze those halves to get lemon juice. You can manually squeeze them with your hands, or use a lemon juicer. Regardless of the method, collect the lemon juice in a pitcher. Afterwards, pour cold water into the pitcher that had the lemon juice. Then put in as much or as little sugar as you want. Once all ingredients are in the pitcher, take some kind of utensil (e.g: a wooden spoon, a chopstick, a whisk....) long enough to reach the bottom of the pitcher, and use it to mix all the ingredients together. Once everything is thoroughly combined (a good indicator is that all the sugar you added is dissolved), taste the lemonade. If it's too sour, add more water and mix, if it's not sweet enough add more sugar and mix, and if it's not lemony enough add more lemon juice and mix . When the lemonade is to your liking you're all done! 																								
First, from where you are standing, cross the street. You will be at an intersection with forest to your south and a park to your north. There is a diagonal path that goes from the South West side of the park to the North East side of the park. Start walking on the path in a northeastern direction. You will pass a duck pond with lily pads on your right, and then shortly afterwards a red and white carousel on your left. Once you reach the end of the path you should find yourself at the corner of an intersection with an East-West road and a North-South road. On the other side of the North-South road there is a children's playground and a porta-potty. To your North and across the East-West road you should see a public water fountain. Cross the street to the side that has the water fountain, and then turn left onto the East-West road. Then take an immediate right onto the North-South road that aligns with the water fountain on the other side. If you are on the right road you will see a grocery store on your left hand side. Across from the grocery store, on your side of the street, there will be a path that leads directly east (or to your right). Follow this pathway (the water fountain will now be to your south) until you come across the lemonade stand. 	"Start with some lemons. Wash the lemons and place them on a chopping board. Cut each lemon in half so that there is a nub on both halves of the lemon. Find a juicer. Take each lemon half and place it soft side down on the middle part of the juicer and press down. Rotate the lemon around the juicer while squeezing until all of the juice comes out of the lemon. Pour the lemon juice from the juicer into a large bowl. Repeat this step for all of the lemon halves. 
Next, take a fine mesh strainer and a second large bowl and pour the squeezed lemon juice through the strainer into the second bowl, removing all bits and debris. 
Next, find a pitcher with a lid for holding the finished lemonade.
Pour the strained lemon juice into the pitcher. 
Next, find a weight scale and a bag of white sugar. Turn the scale on and set the units to grams. Measure 200g of white sugar into a bowl, then add to the pitcher which already contains strained lemon juice. Find a large wooden spoon and mix the lemon and sugar mixture until the sugar dissolves completely in the lemon juice. When dissolved, there will be no sediment at the bottom of the pitcher. 
Next, add cold filtered water to the pitcher until it is 80% full. 
Add ice cubes.
You are done! "																								
Walk straight along the trees, then turn left at the lamp post. Walk straight until you get to the drinking fountain then take a left Walk a few steps and then he'd right toward the store. Once you get next to the store head right and you'll be at the lemonade stand	Get a pitcher and fill it 3/4ths full of water. Juice several lemons into the water and slice up a fresh lemon and put the slices in the pitcher of water and lemon juice. Add sugar to taste and there's lemonade																								
From where you are now, you are going to head due north until you hit the music store. Don't turn, don't veer off path, just start facing your cabin (standing directly in front of it looking at your front door) and walk straight forward until you reach the music store. Then you turn right on the street directly next to the music store. Don't go any further than the music store. Go to the store and turn right. Then keep going straight until you hit the lemonade stand. Same as before, no turns, just walk straight ahead.	I don't know how to make lemonade from scratch, but I DO know that they sell these little lemonade mix packets in most grocery stores. That way you'll only need two ingredients: the packet and water. You'll get a glass and fill it with as much water as you want (just don't overflow the glass!). Then open the packet, dump the powder into the water, and stir. Stir maybe for a minute and then your lemonade is good to drink																								
When you leave your house, turn left and start walking down that street. There will be your house on your left, and you will pass a stoplight on your right. In the distance to your right, you may see a carousel. Walk several blocks. You will pass a grocery store on your right. When you reach an intersection with a music store ahead of you and to your left, turn right. From here you will walk several more blocks and then the lemonade stand will be directly in front of you.	You will need a pitcher, a juicer, a knife, some water, and some sugar. First, use the knife to cut every lemon in half , through the thickest part of the lemon. Then, press each lemon half into the juicer and twist it around and around until you get all of the juice out. Then throw the lemon in the trash. Pour the juice from the lemons into the pitcher. Add the appropriate amount of water and sugar.																								
So the fastest way to get to the lemonade stand is to follow the path through the park. You'll pass by the pond on the way. Then, once you get to the street, take a sharp left. You should see a water fountain on the corner, and you want to take a right there. Once you're next to the supermarket, take a right onto the path and you'll be at the lemonade stand.	The first thing you need is lemon juice. You have to squeeze the lemons into a cup or a bowl or you can use a juicer. Then, you have to add some water. I don't know how much, but let's say you add as much water as you have lemon juice. So now you have one part lemon juice, one part water, but you still need to add sugar or it will be too sour. Let's say you need to add one teaspoon of sugar for every cup of lemonade you have. Once you're done, refrigerate it.																								
Youbwould want to go striaght ahead pass by the trees all the way down to the block with the lamp post. You want to make a left turn donw to blocks as you will go past the green bench and Porta Potty to the water fountain. Once there make a right turn until you are in a dirt path, you follow that and than the lemonade stand should be at the end of the road.	To make lemonade you first get some lemons and cut them into thin slices. You want to get a picture of water and put the lemon slices in. Once you have the lemons in the water you put sugar in and stir until the sigar is dissolved and ready to drink.																								
"Go up the street to the stoplight, you'll see a carrousel; turn right and follow that until you see the water fountain, make a left. You should see a store on your left, and if you follow a path out to your right, you'll get to the lemonade stand."	Cut lemons into halves and squeeze out the juice into a cup or container. Add to a cup of water until you're satisfied with the amount of lemon flavour. Then add sugar to taste. 																								
Take the trail across the way passing by the lily pad pond on the right and merry go round on the left. Once you pass them go straight across the street to the water fountain, its in roughly the same direction but a bit more north. from there go straight some north of the fountain till you hit another path, turn right onto the path and itll be a couple mins straight to the lemonade stand	Cut a bag of lemons in half and either use a juicer or squeeze the lemons over a terry cloth into bowl, the terry cloth catches the seeds and will strain the pulp. Then add a cup of sugar and two cups of hot water and stir well. Put the lemonade in the fridge to chill for 1 hour and then enjoy																								
So if you look straight to the east of  where you're standing, you'll see a pond with lily pads. Just to the left of that is a long brown path that passes a carousel. Walk all the way down the path until you hit a crossroads with a drinking fountain. While looking at the drinking fountain, choose the path to your right and walk down it until you hit a crossroads where you can turn left, and then turn left. if you keep walking straight you should hit the lemonade stand.	For one glass of lemonade, start by cutting a lemon into quarters (cut the lemon in half one way and then in half again). Squeeze the lemon quarters as hard as you can over top of the glass so that all of the juice falls into the glass. Then, get a table spoon and scoop 2 big scoops of sugar into the glass with the juice. Add a tiny bit of water to the lemon juice and sugar mixture and use the sugar spoon to stir. Then, fill the cup up the rest of the way and stir again with your spoon.																								
When you leave your house, turn left on the street so that the park is on your right. Continue following that street past the grocery store. When you reach the intersection with the record store, turn right. Then follow that street until it dead ends, and that is where the lemonade stand is.	Wash the lemons, then cut them each in half. Then you can squeeze them over a bowl or use a citrus juicer to squeeze out the juice. If you do not want pulp in your lemonade, pour the juice through a strainer or some cheesecloth. Pour the lemonade into a pitcher with an equal amount of water, then add sugar to taste. Start with just a little sugar and stir it well to dissolve it, then add more sugar slowly until it is sweet enough. Then it is ready to drink.																								
Walk straight forward pass the pond and the carrousel until you are directly facing the water fountain. On your left you will see a grocery store. Walk towards it until you get to the first right turn, take it and then the lemonade stand will be your fist right turn again. 	Take 6 cups of water and 2 cups of ice and put it in a pitcher. Slice 8 lemons and squeeze the juice out into the container as well being carful to not get any seeds in. Then add 1 and a half cups of sugar and sir until dissolved completely.																								
Basically you need to hang a left at the intersection outside your house and go straight through the park, pass the merry-go-round, and keep going the same way after you see the water fountain. There'll be a guy with a green mohawk, can't miss him.	Squeeze three lemons, add a cup of water, and half a cup of sugar. Microwave it if the sugar doesn't dissolve, and then put it in the fridge.																								
Take the dirt path directly in front of us. Once you reach a road turn left, then right at the first turn in the road. When you come upon a dirt path, take it. It will lead you directly to your lemonade dealer.	Since Chad loves lemonade so much we?re going to make a lot of it. Start with 50 lemons and squeeze them into a very large bucket. Add a gallon of water. Finally add half a pound of sugar and stir well for your refreshing lemony treat.																								
Starting from where you are right now, turn left and walk straight down, past the house with the gnome. Stop at the stoplight and make a right on that street. The supermarket should be on your left and the carousel on your right. Walk until you get to the water fountain and make a left. The supermarket should still be on your left and the water fountain in your right. Walk a few feet until you see a dirt road and head straight down that dirt road.	Get 2-3 lemons. Cut each lemon in half and then in half again after that. Squeeze the lemon juice into a glass. Now fill the glass with water. Add one tablespoon of sugar. Try it, if it needs more lemon add another lemon. If it?s not sweet enough add another half a tablespoon of sugar.																								
You see in front of you where there are three streets branching out from each other? Go up the center street all the way till it dead ends. When you hit a dead end make a right. After that make a left on the first street you come to and just go to the end till you see the lemonade stand.	Well, I don't often make lemonade, but I would squeeze a bunch of lemons into a large pitcher. Then add water and sugar. If it's not sour enough for you squeeze more lemons in. If it's not sweet enough, add more sugar. If there's too much lemon and it's not drinkable because of all the pulp, add more water.																								
Walk diagonally across the square created by sidewalks so that the pond is on your right and the carousel is on your left. When you reach the intersection of the streets, where the water fountain is just across the sidewalk, walk on the sidewalk so that the park is on your right. Turn left onto the first sidewalk you can, and that should drop you off right at the stand.	First put a cup of water and a cup of sugar on in a pot on the stove and turn the stove to medium. Keep stirring until the sugar dissolves all the way, then take the pot off of the stove and turn it off. Then cut four or five lemons in half and squeeze all the juice out of them into a bowl, make sure that none of the seeds get left in the juice. Add the lemon juice and sugar water to a pitcher or something big that you are going to keep the lemonade in, and add two or three cups of cold water. You can add more cold water if you want it to be more diluted, or you can add more lemon juice if it is too sweet.																								
alright so first you take the path between the carousel with the horses and the pond with the lilypads. then, when youre at the end and facing the water fountain across the street, you turn right, and walk until you get to the first road on your left near the playground. walk that road and youll reach the lemonade.	squeeze your lemons with a juice squeezer and mix it with water and sugar and ice. actually, just look up a recipe online.																								
If you are standing in front of your house facing the street, turn left and go straight until you reach the stop light next to the carousel. Turn right. Keep going straight until you see a water fountain (?) turn left at the fountain. Turn right at the next driveway and it will be right there. It's directly across from the grocery store. 	Buy a bunch of lemons and a fruit juicer. Cut the lemons in half. Use the juicer. I have no idea! Thanks. 																								
First you will head diagonally northwest on the walking path that cuts between the carousel and the pond, the path is to the left of the big trees. Once you reach the road, you'll make a quick left at the water fountain then quick right onto the road just east of the grocery store. You'll see another walking path to your right, continue a short distance on that and you'll see the lemonade stand! If you run into the bar or the playground you haven't gone north enough. 	Here's my lemonade recipe- first you'll want to roll the lemons against the countertop until they seem to loosen from the peel a bit. This makes them extra juicy. Next, get a strainer and set it atop a pitcher or other container filled with ice. Cut the lemons in half and use a juicer to squeeze the juice through the strainer and into the pitcher, continue until all the lemons are juiced. Next you'll want to add some water to dilute it, add about a cup and a half per lemon. The final step is to sweeten it- you'll want to add some simple syrup to your personal preference as far as sweetness level. Then stir, garnish with mint if desired and serve!																								
You are going to go on to the street right next to your house. You will go on the path between the carousel and the pond. At the end of the path across the street you will see a water fountain, at the water fountain you turn left a bit to get on the street right next to it. Go straight on that street til you see a walking path to your right and get on that path. From there you just follow that path and it will take you exactly to the lemonade stand.	To make lemonade you will first need some stuff. You will need a pitcher, a pan, lemons, sugar, a lemon squeezer and some water. You put water and sugar into pan and put that on the stove to heat til the sugar is gone. Set that to the side to cool down. While it's cooling get the lemons and the squeezer and squeeze out all the juice into the pitcher. The sugar water should be cool enough to mix in with the lemonade now so you do that and stir.																								
Walk across the diagonal path by the pond and merry-go-round, then continue until you see the drinking fountain. To the left is the grocery store, and to the right is a lemonade stand. 	First, gather your ingredients. You?ll need lemons, water, and sugar. For one quart of water, you?ll want about 4-6 lemons depending on size. Put your water into a pitcher or large bowl. Squeeze all the juice from the lemons into your container. Gradually add sugar until it tastes how you like it. I suggest starting with 1/4 cup and trying it out before adding more if needed. Stir the lemon juice, water, and sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved and no longer feels gritty. Add ice or put in the fridge.																								
walk across the street and continue walking until you get to the streetlamp. at the street lamp, turn to the left and walk down the road. when you get to the intersection, walk across the road to the water fountain. from there, you should be able to see the lemonade stand just a few feet away.	put your each of your lemons into the lemon squeezer and squeeze out as much juice as you can from the lemons. once your finished, pour it into a pitcher and add 2-3 cups of water so it fills up the pitcher. then add as much sugar as you want.																								
Head straight down the road ahead past the pond on your left. Go left at the light post and continue forward past the picnic area with tables on the right, then past the porta potty also on your right. When you reach the road with the water fountain ahead, turn right and go down that road. When you see the jungle gym, take the road on your left. Keep going until you get to the lemonade.	Get a big pitcher. Cut 10 lemons in half, one at a time, down the middle (through the thickest part of the lemon, not across nub to nub). Squeeze the juice from each half, one by one, into a large cup. Take a strainer and hold it over the pitcher, then pour the juice from the cup through the strainer into the pitcher. Discard the seeds and pulp in the strainer into the trash. Add a cup of sugar to the pitcher with the lemon juice. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Add cold water and ice to fill the pitcher. Stir again for one minute. It is now ready to drink.																								
The quickest path for you to take would be through the park. There is a trail that runs by a small lake and a carousal. Once you get there, go north across the street and you will find a water fountain. The Lemonade stand is a short walk past that.	You will need three basic things. Water, lemons, and sugar. For every one cup of lemon juice squeezed from the lemons, you will need two cups of water. Add sugar one tablespoon at a time until you get your desired sweetness.																								
Walk Northeast through the diagonal path, and then walk west until your first right. Walk north until you reach a path on your right, and at the end of that path is the lemonade at the west	Squeeze lemons on a lemon juicer until they are out of juice. Discard the lemon and pour the juice into a pitcher of water. Pour in a cup of sugar, and shake the pitcher to mix. Add more sugar if too sour, or if it is too sweet, juice another lemon for more lemon juice, which you add to taste																								
Turn left onto the road that goes by the log cabin with the red garden gnome. walk straight. You will walk past a traffic light that will be on your right. keep walking straight until you see a music store that will be on your left. when you see that music store you will turn right and keep walking straight. you will walk past the back of a grocery store. just keep walking straight until you see the lemonade stand at the corner.	i'v never made lemonade before but it can't be that hard...right? Get yourself let's say 5-6 lemons at the grocery store that was mentioned earlier. You can also probably find a lemon squeezer. get that if they have one. cut one lemon in half and use the lemon squeezer to squeeze out all the juice from each half, into a pitcher or a very large glass if you don't have a pitcher. keep cutting the lemons and squeezing them on at a time until you have the amount of juice you want. add sugar until it tastes good.  																								
What you want to do is head south to enter the clearing in the forest. From this point, you want to head north, you should see a merry-go-round and a lamp post to your right. Go a little past them to the clearing. Start walking to the right until you see a clearing in front of you, going north. You should see a large store up ahead. Take this clearing up toward the store, and once you reach the store, make a right onto the gray path. There should be drinking fountain to the right of this path and the lemonade stand should be visible at the end. Take this gray path to the right and that will lead you directly to the lemonade stand.	, at least a gallon pitcher, some water, some ice and some sugar. The amounts will be based on how much you plan to make. For a gallon, I would say to grab at least 4 lemons, maybe up to 6. You want to get a juicer or a fork and a cup to extract the juice from all of these lemons. Be careful to avoid any seeds. Once you have the juice, set it aside. Add enough ice to fill about half the pitcher. Pour the lemon juice on top of that. Then top it off with water. Add sugar to your liking, for a gallon, that might be around a half cup to a cup but it is up to you. Mix everything in the pitcher completely with a larger spoon, and serve immediately or put in the fridge a few hours. You could also leave it unsweetened and add sugar to each cup before serving.																								
First you want to take the unpaved path going northeast, passing by the lily pad pond on your right and the carousel by your left. Once you see the water fountain, turn right and head straight eastwards until you see the playground equipment. Turn left and head north on the path when you see the webby dome. Keep going north and you should reach the lemonade stand. 	Take your lemons and cut them in half with the pointy end facing out on either side. Use a lemon juicer to juice the lemons. Take out the seeds from the lemon juice. In a pitcher of hot water, stir in sugar to taste and add the lemon juice. Add ice or chill in your refrigerator until cold. 																								
If you follow the road from home left from leaving your home. When you?re looking East, to the music store, you?ll take the road East and at the next intersection to the north-east lemonade stand	Get a large pot of boiling water and add sugar and fresh lemon juice and stir after heats and creates a rolling boil put it in a jar and set it in the fridge																								
To get to the Lemonade stand, there are quite a few ways to get there, but this one might be the easiest and fastest. From where you are, face the direction of the merry-go-round and pond with the lily pads. Once you're facing that direction where you can see both, you will walk diagonally on the dirt path, straight through, between the middle of the merry-go-round and pond with the lily pads. You are going to walk straight on the dirt path until you see a white water fountain to your left. You should now be off the dirt path and onto the main white pathway. So, once you see that white water fountain to your left, turn left and go right, around the white water fountain. Head straight on the white pathway until you reach two separating paths halfway. One will be a white pathway, and the other will be a dirt pathway. Take the dirt pathway to your right. Head straight, and then you will bump straight into the Lemonade stand. You will see a person with bright neon green, mowhawk-styled hair, wearing glasses, running the stand. You can't miss it.	Hopefully, you have lemons in your fridge. They should be yellow, and once you cut into them with a knife, squeeze, and taste the insides, it should taste sour. If you don't have them at home, Instacart them. Go on your phone and download the app in the app store in your phone, sign up, and get an account. Just search 'lemons,' and buy like 10 of them. Once you have them, like I mentioned before, cut them open, and squeeze the lemons into a cup or pitcher. Take out the seeds before or after you squeeze them. Add some water to your liking. Don't pour too much or else it will take away the the lemon flavor. Then, add white, granules of sugar. (If you don't have sugar, also Instacart them like with the lemons). Add a tablespoon amount at a time and stir with the spoon until the lemon-water tastes how you like it, and then you'll have your complete Lemonade. 																								
Enter the park and take the diagonal path until you get back on the road, then go right until the first road up, follow that to the lemonade stand. 	Start with juicing some lemons, then add one cup of sugar and 4 cups of water. Add some lemon slices on top and serve with ice. 																								
Cross the street, then follow the trail that goes between the pond and the carousel. When you get to the end of that trail, turn a soft right, going past the water fountain on your left. If you pass the portapotty, you took the hard right. Go back to the water fountain and turn right again. Otherwise, continue to the next left and turn left on that street. This will take you to the lemonade stand. 	Take a lemon. I recommend buying a lemon squeezer of some sort to make it easier. Cut the lemon in half. Squeeze the juice out of the lemon using the lemon squeezer. If you don't have a lemon squeezer, you may want to cut the lemon into slices and squeeze those individually by hand. Add about the same volume of sugar that you got out of the lemon, then add about four times that much water. Taste it and add more water if you want. 																								
Hey Chad! You're actually not far from the lemonade stand, but I think you should take some shortcuts. You're going past the cabin now, cross the street and cut through that block on the trail that goes past the pond and carousel. Then when you're at the end and are at the street corner, turn left and walk down the street until your next right, it'll be really quick right past the water fountain. Then follow that road for a bit until you encounter another trail to your right. That will lead you to the lemonade stand!	You have some lemons, you should halve them and juice them. When you're juicing them it would be best to use a juicer of some sort - a motorized one is easiest, but handheld is also fine. Then with that pure lemon juice in a bowl, add sugar and water. I haven't made lemonade myself, but I think you should just mix in the sugar, make sure it dissolves, and give frequent taste tests by pouring bits of it into a cup to be food safe.																								
"Starting at your house, go to the northeast to the path. You'll see a pond to your right, with a lamppost; as you continue you'll see a carousel on your left. Continue walking the path past the park area on your right (the eastern side), you'll pass a porta-potty, a jungle gym and a slide. When you get to the drinking fountain you'll need to make a sharp left and walk toward the shopping center, the path will resume once you get to the building. You'll see it branch off to your right, continue to follow that path to the lemonade stand."	"Now that you've got your lemons, lay them out on the cutting board. Gather a large, sharp knife (be careful!), a regular dining spoon, a slotted spoon, a large juice pitcher, a 1-cup size dry ingredient measuring cup, and a bag of granulated sugar (white sugar). Wash your lemons in the sink. Once the lemons have been washed, carefully hold one end of a lemon, and slice the lemon in half with the knife. You want to end up with one lemon cut into two halves. Repeat this process until all your lemons are halved. After the lemons are cut, select your juice pitcher and place it in front of you. Holding a half of a lemon over top of the pitcher, take your regular dining spoon and press the flat part of the spoon into the flesh of the lemon. You can press the flesh into the side of the lemon rind to get more juice from the flesh. Don't worry about the seeds falling into the pitcher, we will extract them later. Once all the lemons have been pressed, take each half over the pitcher and press the sides together (like a coin purse) to get any last little bit of liquid out. You can throw the rinds in the trash. Once that is complete, select your slotted spoon. In the liquid pitcher, use the spoon to extract any seeds floating around from the lemons. You can discard those seeds as well. Set your slotted spoon aside for now. Using the dry ingredient measuring cup and the granulated sugar, add 1-cup of sugar to the pure lemon juice. Add water from the faucet until the pitcher is half full. Use your slotted spoon to stir the mixture to dissolve the sugar. Taste it. If you'd like it sweeter, add more sugar; if it's too sweet, you can add more water to dilute it. Congratulations, you've made lemonade!"																								
leave your house by making a left out of your yard and walk half a block until you get to the traffic light. at the traffic light make a right past the carousel and walk for one block, then make a left right before the water fountain. walk half a block and make a right when you see a path and that path will take you to the lemonade stand	go to the grocery store and buy 10 lemons and a bag of sugar. at home fill a pitcher with water and squeeze the juice out of all the lemons into the water and add 1/4 cup of sugar and mix well																								
Go north until you get to the music store and then turn right. Take the next right and then turn left at the grocery store. Take the path to the end and you'll get to the lemonade stand.	Squeeze a few lemons until you've got a quarter cup of juice, add a couple tablespoons of sugar and stir. Add as much water as you like until it gets to the way you like it.																								
You should walk straight down the road in front of you, with the trees on your right and the pond on your left, until you reach a cross road. Then you will take a left and walk straight until you can't anymore and there is another crossroad. this is just past the port-a-potty, and you will see a drinking fountain ahead of you. You should take a left, and then the first right and walk up the street with the abandoned store on your left. You will see a dirt path near the abandoned store and the lemonade is just down there.	You take some lemons and juice them. THen you should add about as much water as you do lemon juice. Strain the pulp out if you want to. Then you add sugar to taste.																								
Hey Chad LemonLover, you're going to want to cut across the block on your right. Going north east using the paved walkway with the circus to your left, and the pond to your right. When you're done walking this dirt path you will be at an intersection with a water fountain across the street. If you're looking at the water fountain, there will be a street or walkway to the left of it. You want to walk a little to the left or west, on the street where you are at so that you can turn right onto the street where that store with the shopping cart is. The water fountain should be on your right now. Pass the water fountain and right next to store is another dirt path on the right side. Follow this dirt path to the lemonade stand my guy.	First, go the grocery store and get as many lemons as you think you want to make lemonade. You'll also want sugar and some bowls to mix the lemonade in. Also cups or some form of storage for the lemonade that you can get at the store if you don't have them. Cut the lemons in half hamburger style or however you want to cut it or use a squeezer and squeeze the juice out into a container. Think of how many lemons you need in a single container for it to taste good and keep that proportion in mind for each container you make. Pour water into the container, test it the lemonade once in a while to make sure you don't add too much water. Then dump sugar until it tastes to your liking. Repeat for how many containers of lemonade you want.																								
Follow the dark path north easterly until it hits a street, then turn left (West) then take the first right (north), you will come to another path, turn right (East) onto the path and follow it north easterly to the lemonade stand	Cut 10 lemons in half, removed seeds, squeeze lemon juice into a two liter pitcher, add four cups of water and half a cup of sugar, stir will																								
Go past the trees on your right until you see the lamp post. Turn left and you will see a picnic table. Keep going past the table and then past the park. You will see a water fountain. Turn right and then left at the next street.	Cut lemons in half. Squeeze lemons into a pitcher. Add water until the pitcher is 3/4 filled. Add 2 cups of sugar. Add ice until pitcher is totally full. Stir with a long spoon. Put in refrigerator to cool.																								
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
																									
