Head north until you come across a carousel and a stop light and turn right. Keep going forward until you see a drinking fountain ahead of you and a grocery store to your left. Turn left and keep moving forward towards the grocery store. The lemonade stand should be to the right of the grocery store. 	Squeeze 6-8 lemons and pour the lemon juice in a pitcher. Pour 3/4 cup of sugar and water inside a pot and stir. Bring the pot to a boil until the sugar is dissolved. This will result in a sweet syrup. Pour the sweet syrup inside the pitcher with the lemon juice. Let it cool down for a bit and then put inside the fridge until it's ready to be served. When the lemonade is ready to be served, take the lemonade outside the fridge and pour 3-5 cups of cold water depending on preference and serve. Lemon slices and ice can be put inside the lemonade if desired. 														
Head left and take a right at the stop light. Take the first left near the water fountain, and then the first right. 	Squeeze lemons into a glass, add ice and sugar, now cover the cup and shake it up. 														
From where you are, turn left and head down the road until you get to the first stoplight. From there, take a right and head down another block, about the same distance just walked. Once you reach the next intersection that lets you take a left, take that left. A half block later there should be a dirt road on your right, take that right and you should be able to walk the rest of the way to the lemonade. 	Start with lemons, and grind them up in a blender. If you don't have a blender, just squish them through a strainer. Take the mixture/blend and dilute it with some water, a little bit of sugar and some ice. That should make some doable lemonade!														
immediately, take the dirt path that crosses between the carousel and the pond until it reaches a three way fork in the road. At the fork, take the path to the left and then immediately to the right. Continue down this path until you pass by the grocery store, where you will take a right down a dirt path that continues directly to the lemonade stand.	Start with gathering some lemons, water and sugar. Cut the lemons in half and then place them in a juicer to get some lemon juice. From there dissolve your sugar into your water, and then combine your sugar water with your lemon juice. Mix it all up. From there, taste test the lemonade and add more water if the lemonade is too strong and needs to be diluted.														
Start off by walking forwards (the direction Chad is facing, towards the bar) untill you pass 6 trees on your right and a marrie-go-round on your left. Once you reach the corner of that street, you should see a bar. Make a left at that bar, and continue walking. You should pass a port-o-potty, slide, and bench. When you reach the end of that street, you'll find a water foutain. Make a right until you reach the road on the left, where they are selling lemonade.	You should start by taking about 3 or 4 lemons and slicing them in half. Put the lemons into the bottom of a liquid pitcher. Fill it with ice and water until it almost reaches the top of the pitcher. Then, add some sugar until it is to your desired sweetness. Leave it in the fridge for 4 hours and stir it every 45 minutes.														
First, you're going to want to go north, then turn right when you reach the stoplight. Then you're going to want to keep going until you reach the water fountain, then take a left. Then you take a right when you're just behind the grocery store and follow the short path. You'll have reached the lemonade stand then.	Before you start, make sure you also have plenty of sugar and plenty of water. Now, you have to cut around 9 lemons in half, then juice them, with the juice going into whatever you're serving the lemonade from. Then, you want to pour a bunch of cold water into that same pitcher, about 7 to 8 cups or so. Finally, you want to add 1 and a half cups of sugar to the pitcher, then stir the lemonade well so that it dissolves properly. Add ice to the pitcher and you now have lemonade.														
Hey, chad the way to get lemonade what you want to do is go straight where the trees are and you want to go straight untill you see the bar in front of you and a bench thats when you're gonna wanna left then keep going straight till you see the water fountain and towards the right will be the lemonade.	you're gonna to want to get atleast 5-6 lemons and to squeeze them or use a squeezer after squeezing them all into a bowl of you're choice pour into a big container put in as much water to fill it and add sugar and mix untill you get the consistency you want.														
Cross the street and cross the path to the other side of the park. Cross the street toward the drinking fountain, then continue in the same direction past the market. Turn right at the first dirt path and go forward to get to the lemonade stand. 	Cut ten lemons in half, then squeeze the juice into an empty jar. Add one liter of warm water and 50 grams of sugar, then stir vigorously. Next, strain the mixture into a separate container and allow it to settle.														
"Okay Chad, you?re gonna walk on that dirt road right in front of you, and you?re gonna follow that road until there?s no dirt left. Are you with me? Good. There?s gonna be a carousel to your left and a pond to your right, but ignore those, they aren?t important.

When you get to the end of that road, you?re going to see a water fountain. It?s this big ceramic bowl people drink out of; ceramic is this hard stuff that?s kinda like a rock. You?ll know it when you see it because water comes out. Once you reach it, you?re going to walk to the left of it, toward another dirt road. 

Ignore the store on the left. You could probably buy lemonade there but it?s nowhere near as good as lemonade from a stand! "	"Okay Chad, you?re gonna need to be very careful with this because you?ll need to use a knife to cut lemons. I believe in you!

Grab a lemon, take your knife and push it down on the lemon about halfway across, so that you have two halves. Now you have two halves! Squeeze each half of that lemon into a big cup, then grab another lemon and do that all over again. Do that two more times, so that you end up cutting four lemons. 

After all of the juice from all the cut lemons is squeezed into the big cup, go take it to the sink so you can put some water in it. Turn the faucet on and make sure you don?t fill it up all the way to the top, leave a little bit of room. After that, grab a spoon and scoop out some sugar with it. Put the sugar on the spoon into the cup that you put the squeezed lemon and water into, and do that two more times. You should have three spoons? worth of sugar in your big cup now. 

Use that spoon to stir all of it up, then drink! Isn?t that delicious? You did that by yourself! I?m very proud of you, Chad."														
"Exit your house, and then cross the street towards the park. Use the large path to make your way to the other side of the park; once there, head straight north, past the fountain, until you happen upon another marked path. Follow the path east, and you'll find the lemonade stand!"	First, buy 6 large lemons. Cut them into halves, and squeeze the lemons into a large mixing bowl until no juice remains. In a separate pot, combine one cup of water and one cup of sugar, and simmer over medium heat. Stir until no solid sugar remains. Pour the lemon juice and the sugar water together into a pitcher, and put it into the fridge, allowing to chill overnight. The lemonade is ready!														
Start by heading north until the first traffic light where you can turn right. Turn right. Stay on this road until you can make a left turn by the fountain. Make the left turn. The lemonade stand will come up on your right shortly after the turn.	"6 lemons
1 pitcher of water
2 cups of sugar


Cut each lemon into quarters. Don't cut yourself whilst doing so. Add the sugar to the water in the pitcher and squeeze all the lemon juice from each piece of lemon into the pitcher.  Add all the sugar into the water and stir it until it disappears. You now have lemonade."														
You go straight till you get to an intersection, then take a left and go till you stop at the first street. Go up the street till you see the lemonade stand on the right.	"Ingredients: 1.  1 cup sugar (can reduce to 3/4 cup) 1 cup water (for the simple syrup) 3.2 to 3 cups cold water, to dilute.  Instructions: 1.Make the simple syrup:
Place the sugar and water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Stir so that the sugar dissolves completely and remove from heat. 2.Juice the lemons:
While the water is heating for the simple syrup, juice your lemons. Depending on the size of the lemons, 4 to 6 of them should be enough for 1 cup of juice. 3.Mix the lemonade:
Pour the juice and the simple syrup sugar water into a serving pitcher. Add 2 to 3 cups of cold water and taste. Add more water if you would like it to be more diluted (though note that when you add ice, it will melt and naturally dilute the lemonade). 4.Chill and serve:
Refrigerate 30 to 40 minutes.

Serve with ice and sliced lemons."														
Once you leave your house, you'll want to make a left to the north. Go past the carousel up to the traffic light, then head east and make a right. at the next intersection you'll see a water fountain. Make a left and head north again. Halfway up when you see the grocery store, take the foot path on your right and you'll be at the lemonade stand.	juice about a dozen lemons, either using a hand juicer or by cutting and squeezing the lemons themselves. add a gallon of water and at least 1 cup of sugar. Let chill for 1 hour, if the drink is still too sour add more sugar to taste.														
Start at the street with pine trees along the right side. Follow that road until you see a lamp post on your left, then turn left down that road. Continue down that road, then turn right, going around the park at the end of the street. Finally, make a left down the next road. The lemonade stand will be at the end of that road. 	Cut your lemons in half, remove the seeds, and use a juicer to juice them. Mix the lemon juice with some water to cut back the sourness, then add sugar to taste. 														
Cross the street and take the path that cuts through the square. At the corner, cross the street to the left and keep going left, then right around the corner until you see the path to your left, which leads to the lemonade stand.	Get some water, chilled or with ice added. Juice a few lemonades and add to the water. Add sugar to your preference.														
From the cabin, head down the street that is lined with pine trees. When you reach the end of the block you should see a bar. At this intersection, turn to your left and walk towards the picnic table. You'll reach another intersection. Continue forward past the porta potty until you reach the end of the block. You should see a water fountain nearby. Turn left and walk until you reach the corner where the water fountain is. Turn right and walk straight. You'll see a store with a shopping car sign on you left. Stop here but turn to your right. Walk down the path and you'll find the lemonade stand.	Fill a pitcher with water. Cut four lemons in half. With each half, squeeze the lemon by hand, with a reamer, or with a squeezer in to the pitcher. Add half a cup of sugar and mix. Add more sugar if it is sour.														
Chad all you have to do is to follow the path between the circus and the pond that leads the main road, when you get the road you have to continue with by using the left side that head to supermarket, dont forget to use your immediate right turn on the supermarket road and navegate to your right to the path that lead to the lemonade stand 	"Slice the lemons in half
Squeeze them into a large measuring cup. use a juicer or squeezer makes this process easier. make 2 quarts of lemonade with two cap and make sure to remove any seeds.
Combine the lemon juice and sugar, stir into the cold water. Serve over ice"														
Walk the path between the pond and merry go round and then take a left and go to the end of the street. Take a right and continue until you get to the jungle gym. Take a left after that and then at the end of the street Is the lemonade stand.	Take a dozen lemons and squeeze all of the juice out of them. Add a quarter cup of sugar and mix.														
Head east until you see a streetlamp, then turn left directly after passing it. Continue until you find a water fountain, then turn right. Follow the sidewalk to the next intersection, then turn left. The lemonade stand should be straight ahead.	Chop the lemons in half, squeeze them out, add water and sugar to taste.														
Take the path north east, straight past the pond and the merry-go-round until you reach the street. The water fountain should be across from you. Turn left slightly and then make a right to the north past the water fountain. The lemonade is on the path to the right before you get to the next intersection. The path is across from the grocery store. 	For one pint glass (approximately 2 cups), cut and squeeze the juice of 1 lemon making sure you remove the seeds. Add 2 tablespoons sugar, mix well to dissolve the sugar. Add water to the top of the glass. Taste. Add half teaspoons of sugar if it's not sweet enough until it is.														
First Chad must walk diagonally passing the brown house above him and crossing the street ahead of him. Crossing the street chad must continue walking diagonally, passing the pond below him and the carousel above him. Once the pond and carousel have been passed, Chad must now walk upwards and cross the street until he is next to a water fountain. Once Chad is next to the water fountain he must walk upwards until he sees a Grocery store to the left of him. Then he must continue walking right until he sees the lemonade stand.	First chad must grab and squeeze like 6 lemons into a cup. Then add about 6 cups of water, 2 cups of brown sugar. Then stir until sugar is dissolve. Now its ready to drink.														
go north and turn right continue into you see the playground on the right then make a left and go straight and you will arrive at the lemonade stand	take a couple of lemons and cut them in half, then take a cup of water squeeze the lemons into the cup of water and add a teaspoon of sugar and stir it and drink it.														
You should turn left after you leave your house and get to the road. Keep going to the light and then hang a right. Go two blocks until you get to the jungle gym and then turn left and head straight until you see the lemonade stand.	After you have got 2 lemons you can use a juicer to get the juice out of the lemon by cutting them in half and then pressing the fruit side into the juicer. Once you have all of the juice tou can add sugar and water until you have a cup full and it tastes good.														
Walk straight ahead on the path in front of you, you will walk past a pond on the right and then a carousel on the left. Walk straight until you get to the water fountain. Then, walk towards the supermarket and then walk right to get onto the path that goes to the right away from the supermarket. Continue walking straight on that path until you reach the lemonade stand. There will be a guy with green hair selling lemonade.	First, you need to buy several lemons, a bag of white cane sugar, a small juicing object to juice the lemons, and a pitcher to hold the lemonade. Buy those things and take them back to your house. Then, fill the pitcher partly with water, add some sugar to the water, and then juice the lemons over a cup (it can be a measuring cup or a regular cup), and then pour the lemon juice from the cup into the pitcher. Mix it all very well with a utensil (preferably a wooden spoon) until the sugar is completely dissolved.														
Okay, starting at this corner here, you're gonna see a street going to the right with trees along its side, and straight ahead you'll see a street with a house to the side of it that ends at a traffic light. Between these two roads, at this corner, there's a dirt path that goes between them. Go along the dirt path until you get to another corner and you're gonna see a water fountain at this corner. Facing straight ahead from the dirt path, take the street that's ahead and to the right, not the one going backwards and to the right. If you get to a green port-a-potty, you went the wrong way. If you go the correct way, you'll reach a playground with one of those dome climbing things that kids play on, and when you get to that dome, take the turn in the road and the lemonade stand will be straight ahead.	So take some lemons and then get a pitcher and fill the pitcher with water. Lay each lemon out like a football and cut it right in the middle from top to bottom like that. Take the lemons and use a lemon juicer to juice the lemons into the pitcher and stir it up. Put some sugar into the lemonade too, I like a whole lot in mine usually but just put in however much you want, stirring and tasting until you get it how you like. Ice is usually a good idea too.														
Hey Chad, to reach the lemonade stand, exit your house and turn left. Head down the street toward the carousel and the grocery store. Once you pass the carousel, turn right and head towards the park and the drinking fountain. As soon as you reach the drinking fountain, turn left and head down the street. You need to turn right halfway down the block. There should be a trail there that will lead you to the lemonade stand.	First get ten to fifteen lemons. Slice them in half and use a juicer to to juice the lemons into a pitcher. The juicer will strain out the seeds and pith. Once you've juiced all your lemons, add a half cup of sugar into the lemon and mix it in with a big wooden spoon. After that, add some ice and water until the pitcher is nearly full. Now enjoy your lemonade.														
First, keep moving northeast along the main path, past the brown house, past the small pond, past the carousel, and past the children's playground. Keep going until you see the water fountain. The path will end, but keep moving north past the fountain where you will see a convenience store. There will be a path next to the convenience store heading east. Follow that path, and at the end of the path, you will see the lemonade stand.	Take some lemons, and cut them into halves. Take out your juicer, and squeeze the lemon juice out of the lemons into a bowl or a mixer. When all the lemons are squeezed, mix some water and sugar into the squeezed lemon juice. I'm not sure what the proportion of water and sugar to lemon juice is, but just make it to taste.														
Go forward until you come to a T intersection, at which you will take a left. At the next T intersection (just past the park on your right) you'll take a right, then your next left. You should run into the stand from there.	Take 10 fresh lemons, remove any stickers from the outside, and place each lemon on a cutting board. Slice the lemons in half and set aside. If you have a citrus press, express the juice into a large, clean, empty pitcher with a fine-meshed strainer above the opening. If you don't have a citrus press or reamer, you can squeeze the lemons by hand, using a large spoon to help get the juice out. Then add one-and-a-half cups of granulated sugar, fill the pitcher with water, leaving a couple of inches so it doesn't overflow when you stir it. After stirring thoroughly until most of the sugar has disolved, taste the lemonade and see if it needs more sugar or lemons. Adjust to taste.														
"There are two major ways that you can get to the lemonade stand from where you're at. One is a little bit more complicated but could be the ""scenic route"" and one is a more simple way. So the simpler way is that you're just going to go up the street towards the grocery store and music store. You should pass by the park, a merry-go-round, and a road light on the way to the store. Once you see the store, go past it just a bit more til you get to the next road. When you see the music store, turn right and go straight. The lemonade stand should be somewhere around that block.
For the more scenic option, you can go right through that park. When you get to the water fountain, you have two options. You can either continue going right and then go up at the next road, or you can go up to the right of the store and turn left on the path towards the lemonade stand. Going through the park is going to be a bit shorter, but you might run into troubles if you don't go down the right street. "	"Making homemade lemonade is pretty easy but can take a bit of time. So you're gonna want to get a manual juicer if you don't want to shell out the money for an electric one. Take a lemon and slice it in half using a big knife. You might want to do that on a cutting board or something. Oh you're gonna want to slice the lemon width-wise rather than length wise so the two halves are more circular. Take one of your halves and press it against the juicer really hard; you should rotate it while you're pressing it so a lot of juice comes out. Once you collect enough juice, you can put it into a big pitcher. In the pitcher, first add lots of water and sugar; the amount of sugar depends on how sweet you like your lemonade. You can stir the sugar and water together until they're fully combined. You can add in the juice you got from the lemons and stir that in as well. If you have leftover lemons, you can ""zest"" the skin (using a peeler or zester to remove the skin from the lemon in small strands for extra lemony taste) or just cut the lemon (based on width again) into small slices to let them float around in the lemonade. It depends on how strong you want the lemon taste to be."														
Just keep heading north past the gnome shack, make the third right (at the record shop), and keep heading east til you see lemonade!	First, squeeze a bunch of lemons into a pitcher. Then add sugar and water, a little at a time to make sure you don't oversweeten or over-dilute it! Taste test to find the best ratio of lemon juice : sugar : water														
Okay, you see the dirt path by the pond over there? You're going to take that northeast through the park past the carousel. Then you want to go right on the concrete path until you hit the jungle gym and then go north. That will take you to the stand.	First you want to get a juicer and a knife. Cut the lemons in half and juice them. Then take the juice and add it to a large plastic pitcher. Then add an equal amount of sugar. Lastly, add 5 parts water for each part of juice and stir.														
Alright, Chad. Listen up. You're going to go right down this street, towards the bar, but don't actually go to the bar. At the streetlamp, take a left- hold out your hands in a 'Loser' position, it's that 'L' one. Keeping walking down, past the bench and grill, past the port-a-potty and then stop at the water fountain. Take a right, then at the jungle gym dome, take a left and there's your lemonade. Love you bro.	"Get a bag of sugar- granulated white sugar. Don't get the powder, or the fancy 'healthy' starch sugar, just plain white sugar. Then get lemons. At least 5 of them. Get a lemon squeezer, if not just use your hands so this is optional. Get some ice, a bag of ice. 

Squeeze the lemons, you can strain the pieces out with a noodle strainer but if you like it as is, great. Get some warm water, just a little bit, like 1/4 a cup and pour half a cup of sugar and mix it. It's so the sugar is nice and dissolved. Get ice, pour that ice in, chill the concentrated sugar water. Get your lemon juice, and pour that in as well. You got your lemons. Love you bro."														
Go north past the carousel, take a right, take a left at the fountain and it will be on your right.	All you need is two lemons, a half cup of sugar, and a quart of water! Juice the lemons into the water, add the sugar, and mix them all together in a large pitcher while stirring.														
Firstly, step onto the path. If you look to your right and slightly north of you, you will see a gray path. Enter and walk down this path. At the end of the path, you will see a water fountain ahead of you. To the left of this fountain is another pathway. Follow this pathway north of you, until you are to the left of the grocery store. Once here, look to your right. To your right is a gray path. Follow this gray path and you will reach the lemonade stand.	The ingredients you will need are lemons, sugar and water. First, measure out 1 cup of sugar, and one cup of water. Pour these cups into a pot. Place the pot on a stovetop, and set the stovetop to medium heat. Mix this while cooking until the sugar is dissolved and it only looks like a liquid in the pot. Take the pot off the hot burner and onto a unused burner on the stove. Turn the stovetop's heat off. Let this mixture cool for 15 minutes. While cooling, take the lemons and use a lemon squeezer to squeeze all of the juice into a pitcher. You will want to squeeze 3-5 lemons into the pitcher. After 15 minutes, pour the mixed sugar and water into the pitcher with the lemon juice. Mix this pitcher with a mixing spoon, add water to your liking of the flavor the juice. 														
Go straight along the brown path until you reach the fountain you can drink water from. Then turn left until you see the store with the grocery cart on it. From there, turn right until you see the lemonade stand.	Grab some lemons and really squeeze them to get their juice. Then mix the lemon juice with water and a good amount of sugar (but not too much) in a big pitcher or jug. Stir it until the sugar disappears into the lemon juice. Finally if you want to make it cold, pour it over ice.														
Well Chad, you should head north and continue north until you hit the stop sign next to the carousel and then you should head right. And you should continue in that direction until you reach the intersection with the water fountain, that is when you make a left. and continue like that until you see a visible path along to your right. you should follow that path and then BAM. you'll see the lemonade stand 	okay chad. the best recipe for lemonade is simple. simply boil 1 cup of water and add 2 cups of sugar to it, after it boils for a minute, let it cool down. then grab 7 lemons and cut them in half and squeeze the juice out with (make sure to catch the seeds tho) and squeeze the juice into a bowl. then grab a pitcher and mix 7 cups of cold water and the lemon juice and give it a swirl. after that, you take the boiled sugar water and add as much as you want.														
At the intersection directly in front of you, there will be a dirt path that cuts diagonally to the northeast past the pond and the merry-go-round. Take that path all the way to the other end of the block. Once you're to the other end of the block, go directly west on the road. At the first intersection, turn right (north) at the water fountain. Go north until you get to the dirt path on your right, and follow that dirt path to the lemonade stand. It leads directly there. 	Okay, first you will want to cut some lemons in half. Squeeze the juice of the lemons through a strainer into a bowl. The strainer is to catch any seeds that fall out. Then, to that lemon juice, add an equal amount of sugar and stir to dissolve. Then, add water to taste until your like the flavor of the lemonade. 														
Go straight ahead past the trees and the pond and then turn left at the lamp post, heading towards the playground. Head past the playground and keep going when you get to the water fountain and then turn right, walking away from the grocery store.	Start by cutting 5 lemons in half and then squeezing out all the juice into a jug. Be sure to remove any seeds that may have gotten into the juice. Next add as much water as there is lemon juice in the jug. Add a 1/4 cup of white sugar and stir until desolved, this might take a couple minutes. Taste test and add more sugar or more lemon juice until you like the taste.														
Hi Chad!  First, you should walk forward until you reach the edge of the road nearest you.  Then you should look left, right, and straight to make sure there aren't any cars coming.  When the road is clear and no cars are coming you should safely cross to the other side.  As you look straight forward, towards the pond and light pole, you should look to the left and there you will see a footpath that continues at a diagonal through the park.  Follow that path until it ends at the road again and do not turn until you reach the road.  When you reach the road, you should look left to see a water fountain.  You should then turn your head to look left and right, looking for any cars that might be coming.  When the road is clear and no cars are there, safely cross to the water fountain.  Get a drink of water from the fountain, because you've walked a fair ways and you should stay hydrated, then step around the fountain and walk towards the footpath you should see straight ahead.  When you reach that footpath, you should immediately turn right.  Then you will walk along this foothpath until you reach the lemonade stand.	Hi Chad!  First, you should make sure you have bottled lemon juice, sugar, and a large pitcher in your kitchen.  You should measure out one half cup of sugar and pour it into the pitcher.  Then you should run your kitchen tap until warm water comes out, then measure one cup of the warm water, adding it to the pitcher.  Find a long spoon and stir the water until you can't see sugar crystals anymore.  When you are done stirring the water so that no sugar crystals are visible, measure one half cup of lemon juice and pour it in.    Stir this again for one minute, and then measure 2 cups of cold water from the tap and add that in.  You can drink this lemonade immediately if you wish, or you can add it to a glass with ice from your freezer if you'd like it cold.  When you are done, you should put the pitcher inside your refrigerator and then close the door to stay cool.														
To find the lemonade stand, walk to the street you are closest to. Look northeast. Follow the trail that goes northeast. Be sure to take note if there are the following landmarks: a pond to the east and a carousel to the north. Upon exiting the trail to the north you should see a water fountain. From there, walk east until you find a road going north, turn left onto that road and continue until you see the lemonade stand.	You will need a few things: Lemons, a bowl, a pitcher, a lemon juicer, sugar, a knife, a cutting board, a stirring instrument, and water. Begin my placing a lemon on the cutting board. Cut the lemon horizontally with the knife. Repeat until all lemons are sliced in half. Place the lemon juicer into the bowl. Grab a sliced lemon and press the inner part into the wedge on the lemon juicer. Squeeze and twist the lemon until no juice comes out. repeat until all lemon slices are used up. Then carefully pour the lemon juice into the pitcher. Pour a few cups of water into the pitcher, and one cup of sugar into the pitcher. Grab the stirring instrument and stir the lemonade for about 30 seconds.														
"1. Turn left and head straight until you reach the traffic light.
2. Take a right after the traffic light and walk straight until you see the water fountain.
3. Turn left and walk until you see the side road on your right.
4. Follow the side road until you get to the lemonade stand."	"1. Gather your ingredients: lemons, sugar, water, and ice.
2. Squeeze the lemons to extract their juice.
3. Mix the lemon juice with sugar and water. The amount of sugar depends on how sweet you like your lemonade.
4. Stir until the sugar is dissolved.
5. Pour the mixture over ice and serve."														
Go down this street where you already stand until you reach the music shop. When you're there take the street that is on the opposite side of it and walk until you see the Lemonade Stand, you can't miss it.	Press lemon juice into water, add in some sugar and stir. You can leave the lemons inside the water if you want to. Taste and add more sugar until it's your to your own taste.														
Cut across the trail going north east between the carousel and the pond until you arrive at the water fountain. From there, follow the road north until you come across another path. Take this path east and you will arrive at the lemonade stand.	Using a juicer, squeeze the juice out of the lemons. Use one lemon for every 250ml of lemonade you want to make. From there add your water to the fresh lemon juice. Then add sugar to the lemon juice and water mixture, stirring until it is completely dissolved. 1 tablespoon is recommended per 250ml of water but this can be adjusted for desired sweetness.														
Go straight until you reach the bar, then take a left and go straight until you reach the water fountain, then take a right and go straight until you can turn left.	Squeeze the lemon juice into a pitcher, add some sugar and water. Adjust sugar as preferred.														
Hey! Firstly, you're going to walk across the street to the park. When you do make sure the tree line is south of you, or on your left. Then, take the diagonal path through the park and past the carousel and pond. When you exit you should be facing north, bringing you directly in front of a water fountain. If you are near a slide and jungle gym then you've gone too far. Now, cross the street to the water fountain and then turn left. Make a right down the first street that goes behind the store that sells shopping carts. Walk about halfway down the street until you see a dirt path on your right and then turn to follow it to the Lemonade stand.	"Okay so
Step 1: Put your 6 lemons on the counter. If you haven't purchased lemons yet go to the store and do so now.
Step 2: Put your lemons on the cutting board.
Step 3: Grab your knife by the handle and place it next to the lemons facing away from you.
Step 4: Walk to where you keep your sugar and bring the sugar next to your lemons.
Step 5: Remove from your kitchen utensils drawer 1 bowl (looks like a circle from above), 1 lemon zester (it has the holes in it that are small and it looks like a cheese grater), and a measuring cup that says 1/2 on it.
Step 6: Grab the zester and 1 lemon. Place it on the zester, move your hands so that they're over the bowl, and then rub the lemon back and forth until all the yellow skin falls off into the bowl. Do this for 2 more lemons. Be sure to put each lemon back on the cutting board after you're done.
Step 7: Put the measuring cup that says 1/2 on it into the sugar until it is full. Move it over the bowl and let the sugar fall into the bowl.
Step 8: Place your hands in the bowl and like you're petting a dogs ears massage the lemon skin around.
Step 9: Grab the knife by the handle and the lemon by the two ends with your other hand. Take the blade of the knife and move it through the lemon so that there are two equal pieces. Do that for all 6 lemons.
Step 10: Squeeze all the juice from the lemons into the bowl using your hands.
Step 11: Take out a fork and stir the lemon juice and sugar mixture with it.
Step 12: Go and get the biggest cup you have and pour the lemon juice and sugar mixture into it.
Step 13: Put ice into the big cup. Then fill it with water from the sink by turning the sink on with the right handle. The water should be cold!
Step 14: Drink from the big cup, dont worry about spilling."														
From your house start at the nearest entrance to the dirt road with the merry go round on the left side and the pond on the right side. Walk down the dirt road all the way to the end until you spot a drinking fountain on the left side of a fork in the road. Make a left on the side where the fountain is and then make an immediate right. Go down this road until you spot a market on the left and a dirt road on the right. Go down the dirt road and keep going until you reach the lemonade stand.	Take 10 lemonades and cut each one in half. Then with each half, twist them around on a citrus juicer head until you reach the bottom of the pit and no juice comes out. Make sure to squeeze the pulp on the bottom of the dish to get any remaining juice out and repeat with each slice. With the juice, add the same amount of water as the juice and mix them together in a pitcher with 2 tablespoons of sugar. Mix and serve on ice.														
Okay, first when make a left from where you're standing. When you see the carousel on your right at the stop light, then make a right turn from there. Keep going ahead from there until you see the water fountain at the corner. At that water fountain turn left and keep going until you see the supermarket on your left and the dirt path on your right. Make a RIGHT onto the dirt path and keep going straight and you'll reach the lemonade stand!	"Okay so I've never made lemonade before so I'm just going to wing it.

First, get 3 lemons.
Next squeeze them over a cup, to collect the lemon juice.
Get a clean cup and scoop a cup of sugar into it.
Now, get a third cup and 2 cups of water into it. 
Combine all of that into a pitcher to make a (hopefully not disgusting) cup of lemonade."														
Head down the road that will have the line of trees to your right and a pond to your left. At the end of that road, turn left. Head down that road, passing the road to the right and the portapotty, and at the end of this road, turn right. Walk down this road until the first road on your left, where you will turn left. Head down that road to arrive at the lemonade stand	First, cut lemons in half. Then, juice the lemons either with a handheld squeezer or a juicer, straining it if you don't want pulp. Add sugar and water to taste. 														
Ok, so what you want to do is go diagonaly so like noth easton your left is the carosul the rigjt is the pond. Past that you will reach the road. There will je a drinking fountainto your left go past fountain up the straight road on the left is a big store on the right is a dirt path that you will follow where the lemonade stand is	You will take 15 lemons. Cut each lemon in half that makes 30 halves. Squeeze each lemon half into a big pitcher. Til you have squeezed them all. Next take 4 cups of sugar. A cup being a unit of mesaurment not an actual cup. You use a little measuring cup to take the sugar out and putit in the lemonade. Then take a spoon and mix it. If it is still too sour keep adding sugar until yoy find the right mix														
Chad what you need to do is follow the path in front of you and walk along the tree line when you get to the lamp post turn left walk straight past the porta potty and continue until you see the water fountain then turn right at the playground go ahead and turn left down the next street continue straight a head and you should get your lemonade my good friend	Chad get yourself some lemons, sugar, water and a jar to put this all into, take the lemons and cut them in half, squeeze them into the jar being careful to not add any seeds to the jar. once finished add enough sugar to make it taste sweet enough for you, then add water to the dilution level you prefer to keep it nice and refreshing														
Follow the path past the pond and the carousel until you see a water fountain, then keep going straight forward until you see a person with a green mohawk shooting finger guns from behind the lemonade stand.	You'll need to cut the lemons in half with a sharp knife, then squeeze the juice out either with your hands or with a juicer into a pitcher. Then add water and sugar. If you want the lemonade to be more sweet, you can add more sugar. If you want it to be less sour, you can add more water.														
Chad, on the cross street that you?re starting from, take the dirt trail through the park. You know you?ll be going the right way if the merry go round is on your left and the small pond is on your right. Once you hit the water fountain, take a sip and then head down the street towards the grocery store. On the right side of the road across from the store, follow the dirt path and you?ll reach the lemonade stand.	Chad, first thing you?ll want is a bunch of lemons. Next, you?ll want to squeeze them into a cup or bowl until all of the juice comes out. Make sure you collect all of the seeds in your hand or a strainer so that you don?t swallow them. Next, add two times as much water and a cup of sugar and mix aggressively. Give it a taste and make sure it tastes just like the lemonade you like. If it is too tart, add more sugar and water. If it isn?t tart enough, add more lemons.														
Alright Chad, listen up. First you're going to want to take a walk through the park with the carousel and the pond. Once you've crossed through there, you should see a water fountain, from there, go up so that the supermarket is on your left-hand side. Then, you should see a little dirt road on your right. Walk up that until you see the lemonade stand that you seek.	So you get your lemons, a little bit of sugar, a knife, a pitcher, and a lemon-juicer. Start by slicing your lemons in half hamburger style. Then press the flesh of the lemons into the juicer until they're adequately juiced. Take this juice and add it with some water in the pitcher. Then add a bit of sugar and mix everything together. Serve in a glass.														
The easiest way to get to the lemonade stand would be to go straight north down the road you're closest to. You should see an old house and a shopping cart store along your way. When you see the music store, turn right and then continue straight and you should reach the lemonade stand.	To make lemonade you will need sugar, water, and lemons. You will also need a saucepan and container to store the lemonade in, like a pitcher. Start by putting the saucepan onto your stove on medium heat, and add an equal amount of sugar and water. Stir the sugar and water mixture gently and wait for the sugar to completely dissolve. Once it is dissolved, turn off the heat and set the mixture aside to cool. Afterwards, cut your lemons in half and squeeze the juice into a separate container until you have an amount of lemon juice equal to the sugar and water you used. Pour the water and sugar mixture into your pitcher and then pour the lemon juice into the pitcher. Stir it all together in the pitcher, and you have lemonade! Put the pitcher in the fridge to cool it, unless you like want your lemonade to be warm!														
Chad, the lemonade isn't far. but you will have to stay on the streets and follow these directions and you will get your lemonade.  First I think you know which direction is NORTH, so you will get onto the street next to your Brown House and go directly NORTH.  You will cross the next street and go past the street light. make sure you wait until it turns green. You will continue to go north, past the grocery store on the right with the cart on their sign-- go past that until you get to the record store.  When you get to the record store you will stop and take a right.   The street will go east-west and you are to go EAST.   Travel EAST and go until there is a turn. This turn will take you SOUTH.  You will be turning RIGHT on this street.  You must go SOUTH about a half a block until you see a small path to your Left -  don't go too far, just a half a block and you will see the small path to your left that goes EAST.  This path leads you to the lemonade.  Take that path East and you will get to the lemonade stand at the end and you will get the lemonade.	Making lemonade is easy.  I like to make it with honey, and of course you will need lemons and water and ice in a jug.  You will also need a knife to cut the lemons.  First you will cut the lemons and squeeze the juice into the water, make sure you don't get any seeds in the water.  Then after you have taken maybe 5-6 lemons and done this, stir in some honey.  Try and stir it in and take small tastes until it's tasting great.  Once it tastes great, your lemonade is made and you can enjoy your own lemonade														
first, you're going to want to use the dirt path that cuts between the carousel and the lily pond. next, you'll go straight towards the playground for almost a block, then you should see it on your left. 	first, take some lemons. if you have a tool for juicing lemons, you can use that, but if not, you'll want to cut them in halves, and take each half and squeeze them out over a large container, so the container just has lemon juice but not the other parts of the lemon. then add water and sugar to the container and mix it. taste it and make changes until you are happy with the amount of water and sugar. 														
If I understand this map, the Lemonade stand is in the northeast while you are currently in the southwest. I would go on the diagonal road that goes to the northeast. You will pass  the pond on your right and the carousel on your left, eventually you will get to the drinking fountain. Stop and veer right so you are going straight east walk to another intersection, there will be a playground to you right with a slide and a jungle gym. When you get to another intersection turn left to go north, the Lemonade stand is straight ahead. If you end up at either a supermarket or a bar, you have gone the wrong direction.	You will need a pitcher, something to juice lemons, lemons, water, and sugar. Your first step is to take your lemons and cut them in half. Then you will use your juicer to get the juice out. How you do this will depend on the equipment you have. Most times citrus juicers are press types where you place the cut half of the lemon down and the press the other half of the juicer down to get the juice out. There are also, however juicers that ream out the juice. In any case You want to collect the juice in you pitcher. To make a full pitcher of lemonade, you will need to do this with a couple of lemons. It won't look like a lot but the juice is strong and will will add water later. The lemon juice is very tart so you need to add things to it to make it taste good. For the juice of 3 lemons, you probably want 1/3 to 1/2 cup of white sugar. (this is an educated guess on my part) you want to stir that into the lemon juice as best as possible so it fully dissolves. Once that is done add water, You want to add enough so that the taste isn't overly tart, but you can still taste the lemons. for this amount of Lemon juice, I would guess 4 cups of water. You can then add ice or chill this in a refrigerator until cold, because  lemonade is best served cold.														
"Follow the path through the park; you will pass a pond and carousel on the way, and when you get to the end of the path, you should see a water fountain on the either side of the road. If you turn to your left at the end of the path, you should see a store to your left (on the opposite side of the playground equipment). Walk down the sidewalk to your left until you see a road going off to the right, past the store. Walk down that road and you will see another path cutting across the block. At the end of that path, you should find the lemonade stand! "	"The first step is figuring out how much lemonade you want. Gather your ingredients based on the following: for each large lemon you use, you will add 1 US cup of water and 1/8 US cup of sugar. So for 8 lemons, you would use 8 lemons, 1 cup of sugar, and 8 cups of water. So gather the lemons, sugar, and water you need according to the amount of lemonade you want to make. Also grab a knife to cut the lemons, a citrus juicer if you have one, and a saucepan and pitcher.

For easiest mise en place, set aside a volume of water equal to the volume of sugar separately from the rest of your water (i.e., if you are using 1 cup of sugar, measure 1 cup of water).

For best measurement of your sugar, use a spoon to scoop sugar into your dry measuring cup rather than scooping the measuring cup into your sugar. This prevents your sugar from getting packed in the cup, resulting in you using more sugar than intended.

1) Once you have your ingredients gathered, juice the lemons (cut them in half and squeeze the juice out by hand or using a juicer, and strain any seeds). Pour lemon juice into your pitcher.

2) In your saucepan, combine your sugar and 1 cup of your water. Heat over medium heat, stirring regularly until the sugar dissolves to make simple syrup. This should take no more than 5 minutes. Once the sugar has dissolved, remove the saucepan from the heat and let your simple syrup cool.

3) Once the syrup is cooled, pour it into the pitcher with your lemon juice. Stir to mix well.

4) Once lemon juice and simple syrup are mixed, add in remaining water to your pitcher.

5) Taste: adjust any ingredients (add sugar, lemon juice, or more water) according to personal preferences (tip: make note of what changes you make so you can keep track of how much of each ingredient you want to use in the future).

6) Add ice cubes to serve lemonade immediately, or place in refrigerator to chill.

7) Serve and enjoy!"														
Hey Chad, what you'll want to do is take your first street due north. You'll pass a cabin on your left as you head up the sidewalk. Once you get to a stop light, turn right and follow the path down until you get to a drinking fountain. On your way you should pass carousel on your right as well. Once you get to the drinking fountain head north, past the shopping center on your lerft and take the dirt path right, the lemonade stand will be just ahead. 	Alright Chad, first you need ingredients. You'll need lemons, water, sugar and ice. Juice the lemons anyway you can, either use a juicer or a hand press to squeeze out the juice. You'll then take about 2 cups of sugar and mix with the water. Mix it well and add your lemon juice. Continue to stir until everything is incorporated. Add your Ice cubes, take a taste and let it chill for a few hours in the fridge.														
From here (the place where C. LemonLover currently is on the map), cross the street to get to the dirt path through the square where the carousel is. Once you get to the other end of the square, cross the street in the direction of the water fountain, and keep walking in the direction of the water fountain (past the water fountain) until you reach another dirt path. Follow that dirt path until you reach the lemonade stand.	For a basic lemonade recipe, you need 3 ingredients: lemons, water, and sugar. You also need a pitcher, and a spoon with which to mix. You can really do this with as many lemons as you want, since the recipe will be following a lemon juice to water ratio of 1:4. That means that for every 1 part lemon juice, you add 4 parts water (so you're adding 4 times the amount of water as you are lemon juice). Mix those together in the pitcher and add sugar to taste. That means you taste the lemonade and add more sugar (and mix it in) if it doesn't taste sweet enough.														
to start, you need to head north towards the music store. Leave your house and keep it on your left. Keep walking north until you reach the music store. The music store is set at a t shaped intersection. turn to you right at the intersection and keep walking straight along the road. the road will end at the lemonade stand that you seek.	to make lemonade at home, you will first need a bag of lemons. cut the lemons in half and juice them into a bowl or pitcher. When you have juiced all of your lemons, measure how much lemon juice you have. take the measure of lemon juice you have and collect twice as much water from your preferred water source as you have lemon juice. mix the water and the lemon juice together and add sugar to meet your own tastes. mix everything together and chill before serving.														
I think you should take the path through the park, go east on the road once you get to the end, then take the first left turn you see.	Juice enough lemons (or just buy enough lemon juice) to fill 1/3 of your container, and then fill in almost all the way to the top with water. After that, add sugar until it's at your desired sweetness.														
So you currently see four roads in front of you. There's one road leading next to a house, one leading between trees and a lake, and one road in a diagonal between those two roads. Take the diagonal middle road, which should take you in between the lake and a circus until the end of the road, where you should see a water fountain. To your right you should see a playground. Turn 45 degrees right and go straight down, with the playground on your right side. While going straight down, take the first road out on your left, the opposite side of the playground. If you go straight down that road on the left you should see a lemonade stand at the end of it. 	Take a cutting knife out and cut the lemon in half in any direction you want. Add two cups of water into a cup and mix in one gram of sugar. Take one half of the lemonade and squeeze the juice from inside it into the cup of water and sugar you prepared earlier, not putting in the lemon skin. Remove any seeds that have fallen into the cup. Take the other half of the lemon and do the same thing you did with the first half. 														
Okay Chad Lemonlover, first you''re gonna walk past  the pine trees. Next you're gonna take a left. You will then walk down the road past a bench, and a porta potty. Keep walking until you hit an intersection. Then, turn left, when you keep walking that way you will see a water fountain. Go down that street that the water fountain is on. Eventually you will see a dirt path leading to the lemonade stand. If you can't see the stand, just look for the store with a shopping cart sign, it will be directly across the street from that.	Chad you're going to take some lemons and slice them in half carefully. Over a big pitcher, you're gonna squeeze them out. Now do those two steps probably 10 times. Next take a little water and add boil it in a pot over the stove. Add a bunch of sugar to that now. Let that mixture cool, then add some ice cubes to the pitcher. Then the mixture. Now you're gonna stir that up real well and you'll be all set to enjoy it chad.														
Alright Chad, to get to the lemonade stand you must walk forward onto the street next to your house, then you will cross onto the dirt path on the other side, you will pass the pond and the carousel til you get to the other end of the dirt path and reach a street. I want you to then face the water fountain and go right on that street until you get to a turn, once you arrive at that turn left down this street and you should see a very cool lemonade salesperson ready to give you lemonade.	First Chad you must take these lemons and juice them on a juicer into a container until you have gotten all of their juice. Next you will add the juice to a pitcher or water and then you will take a cup of sugar and pour it in and mix. Then you must taste the lemonade and see if it is sweet enough or tart enough for you. If it is too sweet add more lemon juice, if it is too tart add more sugar.														
Follow the street north, you should pass a shack with a gnome outside, a carousal, then a grocery store. Once you get to an intersection with a music store, turn right, and head east past the back of the grocery store until you get to another intersection. Turn right again, heading south now. Be on the look out on you left for a dirt path. When you see a dirt path follow it and you will get to the lemonade stand.	Roll the lemons to release more of their juice. Cut the lemons in half and squeeze them into a pitcher. Add water to the pitcher. Add sugar to the pitcher. Stir.														
Head across the street to the path that runs between the pond and the merry-go-round. When you reach the street make a left followed by an immediate right to go past the water fountain on your right. Keep heading down the street towards the Grocery story until you reach the path on the right side about half way down. Turn right going down the path untill you reach the lemonade stand. 	"Take 9 medium lemons and roll the lemons on your counter to soften them. Cut the lemons in half crosswise, and squeeze the juice into a measuring cup (preferably through a mesh strainer to catch the seeds). Continue juicing the lemons until you have around 1 1/2 cups of fresh juice and set aside. 

Next, take 1 3/4 cups white sugar and combine it with 1 cup of water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir to dissolve while mixture comes to a boil. Once combined set the saucepan containing the simple syrup aside so it can cool slightly. 

Finally, pour 7 cups of ice-cold water into a pitcher. Stir in the lemon juice and pulp and add the simple syrup to taste. Add ice to the pitcher and enjoy your fresh homemade lemonade!"														
Starting from home, turn left heading towards the red light. At the red light, turn right and continue past the merry-go-round to your right and store to your left. When you see the water fountain, turn left. Look for the dirt path on your right and follow it to the lemonade stand.	You will need 1 - 1 gallon container, 3 whole lemons cut into halves, 2 cups of sugar. Squeeze lemon halves into container, discarding halves once squeezed. Add 2 cups of sugar and fill container the rest of the way with water. Stir until sugar is mixed. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours. 														
Proceed north. Turn right at the record store and contrive east until you reach the lemonade stand. 	Cut lemons in half, then squeeze the juice out into a container. Add sugar to the container. Add water to the container. Stir the contents and taste. Add more ingredients according to taste (more sugar if you want it sweeter, more lemon juice if you want it more sour, and more water if the taste is too strong).														
Hey Chad, I would love to help you get to that delicious lemonade! You start by heading to the right past the lily pond, past the merry-go-round, when you are near the playground, head up until you see the water fountain. Once you are at the water fountain, go up until you see a tan trail, then go right until you see the lemonade guy. 	You start with 5 lemons, you squeeze those into a half gallon container, add 7 cups of water, and a half cup of sugar, mix well until the sugar is all dissolved. Put into the refrigerator until it is nice and cold.														
When you get out to the main road, make a left. You should see your house on the left and you should be heading toward the carousel. If you see trees to your right, you've gone the wrong way. In that case, turn around and turn right on the main road so that you're heading toward the carousel. At the next corner, there will be a stoplight. Take a right turn here. At this point, the carousel will continue being on your right as you continue toward the next road. At the next road you come to, there will be a water fountain. Make a left turn here. Continue on the road until you see the grocery store on your left. If you see that, you'll notice a dirt path to your right. Take the dirt path until it ends, which will be at the lemonade stand!	"To make lemonade, all you need are three things: lemons, water, and sugar. You'll also want a large-ish container - something that will hold about a half gallon of milk. In fact, if you clean out a half-gallon container, that can work too. Make sure you have good, fresh lemons to start with. Make sure they're good and yellow, and that the skin is slightly soft to the touch. If it seems wrinkled, or if the skin is turning hard, those lemons are old and you don't want them. 
For your lemonade, you're going to want about 10 ripe lemons. For sugar, you will need regular sugar, and you'll need one cup. When you measure it into a measuring cup, pour the sugar in the cup until the line that says ""1 Cup"" or ""8 ounces.""   Now that you have both of these, start juicing the lemons. To do this, you can cut it in half and squeeze each half as hard as you can into the container, or use a machine to do it. The important part is to make sure that no seeds go in the juice - you don't want to drink those! If you can find something that can strain out the seeds, while still letting the juice and the other lemon pulp through, that would be perfect!  After all 10 lemons have been squeezed, add about 32 ounces of water to the container along with the lemon juice. To get there, use another measuring cup and you can use 4 8 ounce servings of water (also known as 4 cups). You should now have a container full of lemon juice and water, and it should smell great!   Next, add the sugar. To add the sugar, do it slowly while stirring what's in the container. If you can't do that, but the container has a cap, add a little at a time, stop, close the container, and shake it. Then, open it again, add more sugar, and do the same. What you're trying to do is to get the sugar to dissolve in the water/juice mixture.  After you're done with this, close up the container, and put it in the refrigerator. After a few hours, it will be cold, and ready to drink!"														
"Okay, so once you leave your house you're going to take the dirt path through the park that has a carousel,  the thing that has animals on it that spins around, and a small pond that has a light near it.

When you get off the path you'll see a drinking fountain straight ahead. From there you're going to head north on the road that is to the left of the drinking fountain. Keep walking north until you see a convenience store. You'll know the store because it will have signs in the windows. 

Turn to the right to see a dirt path. Now, just walk in a straight line down that path and you'll be at the lemonade stand. "	"Then you'll want to use that juicer tool I bought for you. Cut the lemons in have and then place one of the ends in the tool. Squeeze as hard as you can to extract the juice. You'll want to use a spoon, and type will do, to get any seeds out. Now do the same with the other part. Do this for the next three lemons. Now you need to add water, I'd suggest use warm water because the sugar will stir and mix better that way. Add 3 quarts of water to your 4 quart pitcher. There is lines on the side that mark each quart, fill with water until it touches the 3 line. 

Finally, add sugar. Start with measuring out 1 cup of sugar with the measuring cup. Stir for about 2 minutes, and use a spoon to see how it taste. I use two cups of sugar, but you can do less at first and add more until it's to your liking. When you're done, put it in the fridge and let it get nice and cold."														
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
