Head north east on the path that passes between the carousel and pond. then go north past the drinking fountain and turn right. walk down aways and the lemonade stand will be right there. 	get all your supplies ready: a lemon, water, sugar, a pot, a juicer, a pitcher, and a knife. boil about 4 cups of water in the pot on the stove. stir 2 tablespoons of sugar in the pot until it dissolves. cut your lemon into halves and juice each half into the boiling water mixture. stir until combined. take it off the heat and pour into a pitcher. place the pitcher in the refrigerator until chilled. 														
Right ahead there is a dirt path that goes through the park, go onto that path. Follow that dirt path, you will go past a pond and a carousel. Once you get to the drinking fountain on the sidewalk, go left til you see a path going north, take that until you get to another dirt path on your right, it will be right next to the convenience store. Take that dirt path until you get to the lemonade stand. 	You will need lemons, water, sugar, some cups and ice cubes. Mix water and sugar together in a jug, cut the lemons in half and squeeze the halved lemons into that mixture, stir it all together and add ice cubes. 														
In front of you is a park with a path that has a pond on the right side and a carousel on the left. Cut through the park on this path all the way and you'll end up at an intersection that has a water fountain across the street from you. Cross the street to the water fountain and walk towards the nearest street corner which would be to the left of that fountain. Turn right on that corner and go down the street a little bit until you reach another dirt path which should be across the street from the grocery store. At the end of this dirt path will be the lemonade stand.	Okay, so you will need roughly 6 average-sized lemons to squeeze into juice. If you have a handheld juicer, great. If not, you can cut the lemons in half and squeeze the juice out with your own hands over an empty pitcher. Once you have the lemon juice, you want to dilute it a bit with some water. Fill the pitcher as much as you want with water, tasting as you go until you get the strength you like. Once there, if you want to add sugar, this is where you'd add it. I suggest adding a 1/4 cup of sugar and tasting before adding another 1/4. This way, you can gradually sweeten it without going overboard. Once done, then you have your lemonade.														
"Chad, when you leave your house, you're going to want to head directly north; go up. Eventually you're going to hit a music store, with a guitar and record on it. When you do, turn right and go east. You're going to pass behind a grocery store, but keep going. If you follow that road to the end, you'll reach a lemonade stand."	Okay Chad, you're going to need some lemons, some water, and some sugar. Star by using a knife to cut your lemons in half, and then squeeze all of the juice out into a big bowl. Do this was 5 lemons. Then, fill up a big cup of water, and pour it into the bowl. After that, take 5 spoonfuls of sugar, and pour that into the bowl too. The mix it all up with a whisk, and  you'll have lemonade.														
There is a path that cuts through the block right in front of Chad, starting right on the corner. If you take this path, on your right will be a pond and on the left will be a carousel. Take this path until you meet the road again. Once at the road, look north to the water fountain. Walk across the street to the water fountain and turn right. Walk onward and take your first left. Follow this road until you reach the lemonade stand.	Take the lemons and cut them in half. Take a strainer and place it over a cup or bowl. Squeeze the lemon halves over the strainer to collect the juice into the cup/bowl and catch the seeds in the strainer. Once all lemon halves are squeezed, throw the rinds away along with the seeds. Add as much sugar as you want to the lemon juice and enjoy.														
Start by walking out of your house to the pine trees. Turn left (north) until you reach a stoplight. Turn right and go past the merry-go-round. Keep going in this direction until you see a water fountain, then turn left. Go past the grocery store and turn right. The lemonade stand will be right there!	Cut the lemons in half. Cut them in half again. This will give you four slices out of each lemon. Put them in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment (the thick one with all the loops in it). Beat them on low speed until all the juice is out. Strain the juice over a measuring cup. (A strainer is a mesh tool with a handle.) Add sugar, then cold water. Keep adding little bits of sugar and water until it tastes great.														
Ok Chad, so what you want to do is when you leave your house, you go left on the first street you see.  Walk straight down to the very first stop light you see. Then turn right and walk straight until you see a little drinking fountain on the corner. Turn left right before the drinking fountain and then you?ll see a path on the right.  This path will lead you right to the lemonade stand.	First make sure you have all the items you need out. Get out some sugar, a pitcher of water, a bag of lemons, and lemon juicer, a cutting board, a knife, a strainer, and a trash can for leftovers. First, clean the counter off. Then, cut all the lemons in half. Use the lemons juicer to squish them down and get all the juice out. Make sure you run the juice through a strainer to catch the seeds. Once all the lemons are juiced, discard the empty lemon remains. Add the sugar and water in amounts of about 1/4cup sugar at a time and 1 cup water at a time and taste test until it is as sweet and as zesty as you like.														
keep going straight past the house until you see a dirt path and walk down it. you'll pass a carousel on the left and a pond on the right. keep walking until you get to a main sidewalk. there should be a water fountain across from you. take a left and walk a little ways until you see a sidewalk to your right. you'll see a grocery store, walk past it until you get to a dirt footpath. take the footpath straight and you'll get to the lemonade stand.	you'll need about six lemons, a bowl, a pot, about a cup of sugar, six cups of water, and a pitcher for the lemonade. put one cup of water into the pot and put it on the stove to boil. pour the sugar into the pot and dissolve it until the water is clear. cut the lemons in half and squeeze the juice into the pot with the sugar water. wait for the sugar water to cool, then pour into the pitcher and add the additional five cups of water.														
Start from the brown house with the gnome in front of it, cut through the dirt path right in front with a pond no the right and a merry go round on the left. You'll see a water fountain and a store with a shopping cart logo, continue straight forward then you'll see a dirt path leading to the lemonade stand on your right.	So the easiest way would be to use a lemon juice or something, I think you just squeeze the juice out from that and collect it in the cup or whatever it comes with, then you could probably add sugar into that and mix it all the together.														
"Chad, please follow these instructions and I am sure you would get to your Lemonade Stand. 
Walk towards the traffic light right above you, where the horse playground is located. 
From the traffic light, turn right and walk straight till you meet another play-area on your right. The Lemonade stand is located on your left hand-side of the road, cross to the left and you will located the Lemonade stand. "	"Dear  Chad, I have written out these steps to help you make a homemade Lemonade. 
Get your Lemons ready
1. Slice the lemons in half.
2. Squeeze them into a large measuring cup. A citrus juicer or squeezer makes this process easier. 
3. There should be about 1 1/2 cups of lemon juice to make 2 quarts of lemonade.
4. Remove any seeds.
5. Combine the lemon juice and sugar, stir into the cold water. Serve over ice.

Take note of this:
Here are some simple ratios if you?re looking to make a smaller or larger batch of lemonade: For 1 gallon of water, use 8 to 12 lemons and 2 cups of sugar. For 1 quart of water, use 2 to 3 lemons and 1/4 cup of sugar."														
From where you are standing, you should see a path that goes past the pond and the merry-go round. Follow that path and you will see a water fountain. Face the water fountain, and look to your left - there should be two branching streets, one leading away from the fountain and one staying near it. Take the street that stays near the water fountain. After a little bit, you will see a path branching out from the street, on your right. That path will take you to the lemonade stand.	First, collect your ingredients. You will need lemons and sugar. You will also need a pitcher or similar large container to hold your lemonade. Fill the pitcher with water (not all the way up to the top - you don't want it to spill). Cut the lemons in half, and squeeze the juice from them into your pitcher. You can squeeze them with your hands, but if that's difficult there are devices called juicers you can buy. Make sure there are no seeds in the lemon juice you just squeezed. Now, add sugar - you can choose the amount depending on how much lemonade you're making. If you're not sure, add less than you think you need, because it's easier to add more later than to make the lemonade less sugary. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Now taste it, and add more sugar or lemon juice if you want it to be sweeter or more sour. You're done! Pour yourself a glass of lemonade, add some ice to cool it off, and put the pitcher in the refrigerator so you can save the rest for later.														
You need to go north past the pond, trail, and carnival, and then keep going straight at the intersection past the grocery store until you get to the music store on the right. Once you get there, make a right and go straight. The lemonade stand should be at the end to your left.	First, you'll need some lemons, about three. Squeeze them with a lemon squeezer until you get the juice out, and then set it aside. Then, you'll need a liter of water. Mix the lemon juice with the water in a larger container that will fit both of them, like a big pitcher. Then, mix that with four tablespoons of sugar until the sugar is completely blended with the liquid.														
Walk straight forward and take a left turn when you hit the end of the road. continue on that route as you use the playground on your left side.at the end of that route, take a sharp left turn followed closely by a right turn and then continue moving up. You will see the entrance to the lemonade stand on your right had side	you will need to first buy some lemonade and sugar. then you squeeze the juice out of the lemon and add just a bit of sugar.														
ok, hi chad. I see you really want that lemonade. You got to get on the open white path facing the brown path, lake and lamppost. Turn to your left and walk up the straight white path. you will pass the cabin on your left and on your right you will go past that lake and brown road and keep going until you see a merrygoround and a stop light. Dont stop there. Keep straight until you arrive at the jook joint where they go dancing.  When you see that on your left, turn right and keep straight down that open white path until you pass the store on your right. Turn right at that corner and walk a little further but not past the store until you reach a brown path. Turn left there and you will walk a bit farther to get your lemonade.	Ok get yourself 6 lemons. Peel off the yellow without the white and then squeeze the lemons and put that juice aside. Put those peels into a small pot containing one cup of water and boil for ten minutes. Then set that pot aside. In another pot put two cups of water and two cups of sugar. Mix on a low flame until the sugar is dissolved. Cool and now add both the lemon juice and the boiled lemon water into a carafe in which your poor the sugar water solution to your taste. Let cool (do not pour over ice because you will water it down). Then enjoy. 														
Go north until you get to the stoplight, you should see the grocery store. Take a right until you?re just passed the store and carousel and then take left and continue passed the water fountain to the park. There will be a little dirt road, take that and it should take you to the lemonade stand.	You?ll need lemons, sugar, water and cups. You?ll want to cut and squeeze the lemons to get the juice all out, the. Add the juice to a pitcher, add water until it?s full, and add a bit of sugar and mix. You can add more sugar to make it sweeter. 														
Go left from your house, and keep going, past the past the carousel at the stop light, past the grocery store, until you hit the music shop, then turn right. The lemonade stand is 2 blocks from there.	Wash the lemons with soapy water and rinse them well. Slice them in half the short way (so you have a nub on both halves), then squeeze the juice into a measuring cup until you have about 1 cup of juice. Pour the juice into a pitcher and add about 3/4 cup of sugar, stir well. Add 6 cups of cold water and stir. More sugar can be added if needed. Pour into a glass over ice to serve.														
Go northeast from your house. You'll be going north of the woods and you'll pass on the road between the pond and the merry-go-round. Following that path, you'll eventually reach a water fountain and if you contain in that general direction for a bit, you should find the lemonade stand shortly. 	Squeeze enough lemons to get two cups of lemon juice and put that juice aside. Next, boil one cup of water. Once that water is boiling, pour it into a gallon sized pitcher and add one cup of sugar. Stir the sugar/hot water mixture until the sugar has completely dissolved. After that, add the two cups of lemon juice you squeezed a bit ago. Stir the mixture in the pitcher again. Now, add cold water until the pitcher is nearly full. Once the pitcher is a little above 2/3rds full with cold water, take a sip every now and then to see if the taste is how you like and add more cold water until you get to taste you prefer. Remember more water will make the lemonade have a more mild taste, so don't add water if you want it to be stronger. If you do, then either squeeze lemons for more juice if you want the sour taste stronger or add a little more sugar if you want the sweetness to be stronger. You can do it, Chad! 														
"    Start by facing north. Look around to find a big oak tree to your left and a red mailbox to your right.
    Walk straight ahead towards the intersection. You'll see a traffic light ahead.
    At the intersection, turn left and head west. You'll pass by a playground on your right and a blue house with a white picket fence on your left.
    Continue walking west until you reach the next intersection. You'll see a gas station on the corner.
    Turn right at the intersection and head north again. You'll pass by a tall office building on your right and a park with a fountain on your left.
    Keep walking straight ahead until you see a yellow tent on your right. That's the lemonade stand!

Remember, Chad, if you get lost or confused along the way, don't hesitate to ask someone for help or look for familiar landmarks. Enjoy your refreshing lemonade!"	"ngredients:

    4-6 large lemons
    1 cup of granulated sugar
    6 cups of water
    Ice cubes

Equipment:

    Cutting board
    Knife
    Citrus juicer or fork
    Pitcher
    Spoon
    Strainer (optional)

Instructions:

    Prepare the lemons: Wash the lemons thoroughly under running water. Place them on a cutting board.

    Cut and juice the lemons: Use a knife to cut each lemon in half crosswise. If you have a citrus juicer, place each lemon half cut side down on the juicer and squeeze out the juice into a separate bowl or pitcher. If you don't have a juicer, use a fork to press and twist the lemon halves to extract the juice. Be careful of seeds!

    Make the lemonade base: Pour the freshly squeezed lemon juice into a large pitcher. Add 1 cup of granulated sugar to the pitcher.

    Mix the lemon juice and sugar: Use a spoon to stir the lemon juice and sugar together until the sugar is completely dissolved. This may take a few minutes.

    Add water: Pour 6 cups of water into the pitcher with the lemon juice and sugar mixture. Stir well to combine.

    Taste and adjust: Take a small taste of the lemonade. If it's too tart, you can add more sugar, a tablespoon at a time, until it reaches your desired sweetness.

    Chill and serve: Place the pitcher of lemonade in the refrigerator to chill for at least 30 minutes. Once chilled, you can serve the lemonade over ice cubes in glasses.

    Optional: If you prefer your lemonade without pulp, you can strain it through a fine mesh strainer before serving.

And there you have it, Chad! Fresh homemade lemonade ready to enjoy.
"														
"To get to the lemonade, you want to first take the dirt path in between the lilypad ponds and the circus; it is to the northeast. Take that path all the way to its end, then make a right. There will be a road on your left-hand side across from the red and blue jungle gym. From there, turn left, then continue straight and you will find a lemonade stand."	"In order to make lemonade, first you will want to gather your ingredients. For lemonade, you will need sugar, water, and lemons. 
First, take your lemons and roll them on the counter gently (with the peel still on). Once the lemons are rolled and a little softer, take out a cutting board and put the lemon on top. Take out a knife, making sure to hold it by the handle and keep it away from your fingers. Grab one of the lemons and cut it in half with the knife carefully, being sure to keep your fingers out of the way.
Once the lemons have all been rolled and cut in half, carefully squeeze the lemons with the cut part facing down towards the bowl. Squeeze gently until there is no more liquid dripping out of the bottom part of the lemon anymore. Remove any seeds out of the liquid with a spoon. Set the bowl aside.
In a separate bowl, turn on the sink faucet to warm, and fill it up with about twice the amount of water compared to the lemon juice (if the lemon juice fills half the bowl, and the bowl the water is going in is the same size, then fill up the water bowl all the way, for example). Set the bowl of water to the side.
Take out a pitcher that is large enough to hold all of the water and lemon juice, with extra room on top. Remove the lid if there is a lid on the pitcher and set it to the side. Take a 1 cup measuring cup and open a bag of sugar, then dip the measuring cup inside, filling it with the sugar. Take out the measuring cup, being careful not to spill any sugar, and then add it to the bottom of the pitcher. Set the measuring cup in the sink to wash later.
Now pour in the water that was set aside earlier. Take a wooden spoon long enough to reach the bottom of the pitcher without getting your hand wet and stir until all of the sugar seems to disappear and there are no visible clumps on the bottom. Add the lemon juice.
Add ice to the pitcher until it is almost all the way full, then put the pitcher lid on. Put the pitcher in the fridge if you want it to be colder. Take out a glass and pour the lemonade inside from the pitcher."														
Ok, Chad! This is what you are going to do, buddy! Leave your house and hit the road next to the trees in the park. You are going to go North up the road and on your right you will see the park with the pond and the dirt road. You are going to stay on the road you are on and keep going until you pass the carousel next to the stop light on your right hand side. Take a right turn at the stop light and you are going to go down the street and you will pass a grocery store on your left hand side and you will pass the carousel as you go. Then, you will go up the next street on your left hand side, and it will take you closer to the grocery store, and you will pass a water fountain on your right hand side. Keep going up this street, closer to the grocery store on your left, and then you will approach a dirt road on your right, and you should then turn to your right and follow this dirt road. It will lead you straight to the lemonade stand!	Get a pitcher and fill it with water. Fill it as full as you'd like, because this will magically become lemonade in just a minute. :) Get out your cutting board and knife, but be super careful not to cut yourself! Go get your cut glove before you do! Now, start with a couple lemons. Cut them in half and start squeezing them. A lemon squeezer helps. Add this juice to the pitcher and sprinkle small amounts of sugar into the pitcher. Give it a good stir and then taste it. If it is too watery, go squeeze some more lemons and add a little bit at a time. Keep adding small amounts of sugar as you go. Once you have the desired tartness and sweetness you like, it's ready! So grab a glass and fill it up with ice. And if you wanna be really fancy, grab another lemon. Cut that lemon into thin slices down the middle, so you have cute little lemon slices to toss into the pitcher and don't forget to add it to your glass, too. These add flavor, color and aesthetics to your drink so it is worth it. 														
Head northeast on the diagonal path that cuts between the pond and merry go round. Then, make a short left, then a right past the kitchen sink. When you reach the supermarket, make a right on the path towards the lemonade stand.	Get a dozen lemons. Massage them out, then cut them each in half. Squeeze them with your hands into a gallon pitcher. Fill half of the pitcher with water. Add a cup of sugar. Stir well. Taste, and add more sugar if you desire.														
"Hi Chad, kindly walk through the playing ground and head towards the food and beverages stands, there you would see  a stand with a bold written letters  ""LEMONADE"" there you go .. "	"Chad, you will need some lemon juice, sugar, some ice cubes and cold water and then follow the below steps..
Start by juicing the lemons. Roll each lemon on a countertop to soften it, then cut it in half and juice using a citrus juicer or a reamer. Strain the juice to remove any seeds or pulp if desired.

In a pitcher, combine the freshly squeezed lemon juice with the granulated sugar. Stir well until the sugar is completely dissolved. You can adjust the amount of sugar according to your taste preferences.

Once the sugar is dissolved, add cold water to the pitcher and stir to combine. Taste the lemonade and adjust the sweetness or tartness by adding more sugar or lemon juice if needed.

Add ice cubes to the pitcher to chill the lemonade. You can also refrigerate the lemonade for at least 30 minutes before serving to allow the flavors to meld and the mixture to chill further.
"														
Chad being a lemon lover and also being desperate for lemonade, in order to get to the lemonade stand, he has to use the amusement park, with the grocery shop on his left and the lemonade stand on his right.	In a saucepan, I combine one cup of water with sugar, heat over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar completely dissolves to make a simple syrup. Remove from heat and let it cool. After, I combine the freshly squeezed lemon juice with the simple syrup. Then I add the remaining three cups of water to the pitcher and I stir well to combine. I then taste the lemonade and adjust sweetness and concentration. I chill the lemonade and then serve.														
Follow the path directly ahead of you through the park. You'll pass the lake on your right and carousel on the left. When you read the road, you'll see a water fountain across on the other side. Cross the street and follow the side-street beside it until you reach the grocery store. On your right should be a path. Follow that path to the lemonade stand.	Take a pitcher and fill with water. Use 4 fresh whole lemons, and squeeze the juice out of them into the pitcher of water, as much as you possibly can. If any pulp or seeds make it into the pitcher, strain them out. Add 1/2 cup to 1 cup of sugar to the pitcher and stir very well. Taste test and slowly add more as you go until you're happy with the sweetness level. Add ice to the pitcher and enjoy.														
Turn left after leaving your house. Turn right when you get to the grocery store. Turn left right before the drinking fountain at the park. Halfway down that block, you'll see a path on the right that leads to the lemonade stand. Turn right and follow that path until you get your refreshing lemonade.	Start with some lemons, cut them in half and squeeze out as much juice as possible. Add sugar until you get the right amount of sweetness for your taste. Make sure to mix everything well.														
CHAD THIS IS HOW YOU ARE GOING TO GET THE LEMONADE FIRSTLY STRAIGHT UP USE THE OPENING AT THE TOP THE DOWN TO THE MALL THEN PASS THROUGH THE MALL TAKE THE PATH TO THE LEMONADE STANDS	CHAD SHOULD TAKE SAME ROOT BACK BY USING THE THE PATH THROUGH THE MALL AND WALK STRIAGHT UP TAKE HIS LEFT TURN AND WALK STRIAGHT DOWN 														
Take the path in front of you, you will pass by the pond on your right, and then a carousel on your left. Once you're off that path, turn left on the road, so that you're heading North, and then turn right at the drinking fountain. Finally turn left at the next road you see. 	Take some lemons and squeeze them with a juicer until you have enough lemon juice. Dilute the lemon juice with water, I use about 5-6 cups for every 1 cup of lemon juice. Add sugar to taste, I usually use about a cup. Mix it until the sugar is fully dissolved. 														
"Hey there, Chad! No worries, I've got you covered. So, first things first, do you see that big, carousel over there? Yeah, the one with the white and red stripes? Perfect, head towards that slide. Once you're standing right in front of it, turn to your right, and you should see a slide painted green. Walk past the swings, and you'll spot a portable washroom cubicle. Got it? Good.

Now, facing the cubicle, take a few steps forward and then turn left. You'll see a patch of green grass with a picnic table beside a BBQ stand. Head over to that picnic table and take a seat. From there, look straight ahead, and you'll see a pathway to the supermarket. 

Follow that pathway to the supermarket, and after a short walk, the opposite of the supermarket. Unto the right side of the supermarket, you'll find a washing sink, you'll see a big, red sign that says ""Lemonade Stand Ahead!"" a few meters away from that sink. Perfect!

Walk towards that sign, and you'll soon spot the lemonade stand nestled around the side of  the supermarket. You'll know you're in the right place when you see the colorful umbrella shading the stand. Just head over there, and you'll be sipping on some delicious lemonade in no time. Enjoy, Chad!"	"Start with some lemons, as many as you would like. Wash the lemons thoroughly under cold water to remove any dirt or residue.
Roll each lemon on the countertop with your palm, applying gentle pressure. This helps to release the juices inside.
Use a sharp knife to cut each lemon in half crosswise.
Place a citrus juicer over a large bowl or pitcher. Hold a lemon half firmly in your hand and press it onto the juicer, twisting and squeezing to extract as much juice as possible. Repeat with the remaining lemon halves until you have about 1 cup of lemon juice.
Pour the lemon juice through a fine-mesh strainer to remove any seeds or pulp. You can also use a spoon to catch any pulp that may slip through the strainer.
In a separate saucepan, combine 1 cup of water and 1 cup of sugar. Heat the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the sugar has completely dissolved. This creates a simple syrup.
Allow the simple syrup to cool slightly, then pour it into the pitcher with the lemon juice.
Add the remaining 5 cups of water to the pitcher and stir well to combine.
Taste the lemonade and adjust the sweetness or tartness by adding more sugar or lemon juice as needed.
Refrigerate the lemonade for at least 1 hour to chill it thoroughly.
When ready to serve, fill glasses with ice cubes and pour the chilled lemonade over the ice.
Garnish each glass with a slice of lemon, if desired, and enjoy your refreshing homemade lemonade!"														
Straight ahead from the house, take the diagonal North-East dirt trail. Follow it between the carousel and pond until you reach the end and see the water fountain. Once there, there's two possible paths: 1) turn left from the water fountain then take the immediate right until you reach another dirt trail across from the store and follow it straight forward to the Lemonade Stand OR 2) turn right from the water fountain and go forward (with the playground on your right side) until you reach a left turn, take the left turn and follow straight forward to the Lemonade Stand. 	"Take several lemons and, with a juicer/juicing tool, fill to ? of a pitcher. Then add about 2 cups of sugar (adjust to preferred level of tartness or sweetness). Fill the rest of the pitcher up to 1"" from the very top with water."														
You are going to take the path between the pond and the carousel in a noetheast direction, one you pass the carousel look for a bird bath. When you see a bird a bath, you will take left until you come across the next street. Go north on this street past the grocery store and make an immediate right onto another dirt part. Follow this path directly to the lemonade stand. The path will also be in a northeast direction.	Firstly you want to gather lemons and sugar and water. These are the three ingredients you need to make lemonade. Squeeze the lemons into the water and add a good amount of sugar depending on how sweet you like your lemonade. Stir the leminase rigorously and out on ice. Then you will have a glass of lemonade!														
Guide Chad south from the town hall, past the flower shop, and left at the gas station. Head east until you see a lemon mural at a three-way intersection. Turn right, passing the bakery, and at a park with a red bench, go left. Proceed east until a playground, then turn right. At a street market, go left to reach the lemonade stand.	Chad, for a fantastic homemade lemonade, start with 6-8 lemons. Squeeze the juice after rolling and cutting them. Make a syrup with 1 cup of sugar and warm water, then mix in the lemon juice. Add 5 cups of cold water, stir well, and adjust sweetness to your liking. Chill the mixture in the fridge and serve over ice. Cheers to your homemade lemonade journey.														
Starting from where you're standing, cross the street and take the nearby path between the pond and the carousel. Once you're at the end of the path, look for the water fountain and walk left of it until you're on the road between the store on the left, with the fountain on the right. Walk forward until you see another path on the right, and follow that until you get to the lemonade stand. 	Start with some lemons and gently roll them on the counter before slicing all of them in half. Use a juicer to get juice from each half and remove any seeds from the juice if necessary. Pour the juice into a pitcher and add maybe three times as much water as juice and then taste it. If it's too sour, add more water. Then add sugar to the mixture until it's sweet enough for your taste and mix it all up. 														
Come downwards and use the road and just walk straight on it like you are going backward. You will come across a small river, trees and lamp stand on the right  side of the road. There is also a traffic light and a livestock house on the right side on the road. This shows you are on the right track. Continue straight  to the fourth road on the right and use it. On this road, use the next road on the right. Walk for some few time and use the brown road on the left. Continue straight and you will see the lemonade right there	To make lemonade,  get the lemons from the store and wash them thoroughly. Cut the lemons and squeeze the liquid out of them into a container. Boil water for 5 minutes and add to the liquid in the container.You can add honey to the solution and the lemonade will be ready														
Chad! To find your lemonade, please follow the gravel path  that goes between the carousel and pond. When you get to the street corner by the water fountain, make a quick turn left and then immediately go right on the first street you come across. You'll see another gravel path to your right, and it should lead you right to the lemonade stand.	"If you want to make lemonade at home, you will need a couple lemons. Two should probably be enough. If you have a juicer, use that. If not, you can squeeze the juice by hand into a glass. Once you have the juice in a glass, mix in some cold water and white granulated sugar by the tablespoon; one at a time. You will want to taste the lemonade as you go to make sure it is as sweet and lemon-y as you want. You can also use honey to sweeten it if you don't have sugar, but it might change the flavor a little. "														
Take the northeast path that passes the carousel until you get to the water fountain. Walk west on the road until you get to the first intersection. Here, turn right to head north up the road. Take your first right onto a path that leads you straight to the lemonade stand!	Gather some lemons, a cutting board, a knife, and a citrus juicer. Cut all the lemons in half. Pick out all seeds. Place a lemon half on top of the citrus juicer, inside down, and press down until juice starts to flow out. Squeeze, twist, and press the lemon until all the juice has been squeezed out. The juice should be collecting in the bottom part of the citrus juicer. Repeat this with the rest of the lemon halves. Detach the top part of the citrus juicer, and you can drink your lemonade!														
walk straight to the traffic light and take a right turn. walk straight and take your left at the first T junction. walk straight and opposite the shop you will see a path. Take that path to the lemonade stand	obtain the juice out of lemons. add water and suger														
Head northeast, and within a short amount of time you will begin to see a small pond to your right. It is towards the east of where you will be standing. There will also be a black lamp stationed behind the pond. Once you get here, continue moving in the northeast direction past the carousel towards the west of you. You will soon come to what resembles a water fountain or bird bath. Continue to head northeast, and you will soon come to the lemonade stand.	First, obtain some fresh lemons. Place a netted strainer on top of a bowl. Cut the lemons in half, and start squeezing them into the netted strainer, so that the strainer catches any pulp or seeds. The juice should naturally be collected into the bowl. Once you have about one-fourth cups of lemon juice, add about two-thirds cups of water. Add in about two to three tablespoons of pure cane sugar, or more depending on your taste preference, and then you are all set!														
First, you want to take a left until you hit the stoplight. Then you want to take a right past the merry-go-round and the water fountain. One you reach the playground, then you want to take the left, and you'll be at the lemonade stand.	"First you want to take about 10 lemons, peel and juice them, because I like strong lemonade; I always only add about 4 cups of water, and a cup of sugar. "														
cross lot going northeast, between pond and carrousel. head north past water fountain and follow the road you will come across east	take 3-4 lemons. cut each in half with a knife. squeeze each lemon hard over a pitcher, maintaining grip on the skin and not touching fruit inside. add one cup of sugar and fill to top with water. stir and refrigerate. 														
So you're gonna head over to the path that that goes between the lily pads, lamp post, and carousel, and then hop over to the grocery store, and go past it and take the path all the way to the lemonade stand 	Start with some lemons, get the lemons and squeeze the juice out of them into a pitcher. Add water and sugar and stir it up until its all dissolved and mixed together and then you can drink it														
Walk two blocks north on Maple Street, take a left on Oak Avenue, walk west for three blocks. Pass the big park on your right. Turn right on Pine Street after Oak, walk four blocks north. You'll see a gas station on your left. Cross the street, head east on Elm Lane for two blocks. Turn left on Cedar Drive, and the lemonade stand is on your right!	"
No worries, Chad! Start with about 6-8 fresh lemons. Roll them on the counter to make them juicy, then cut and squeeze the lemons to get 1 to 1.5 cups of lemon juice. In a pitcher, mix the juice with 1 cup of granulated sugar. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Add 4-6 cups of cold water, depending on how strong you want it. Stir well.

For extra flavor, you can add a pinch of salt to balance the sweetness. If you have them, toss in a few lemon slices for a decorative touch. If you want it chilled, put the pitcher in the fridge for about 30 minutes. Serve over ice, and you've got homemade lemonade, Chad! Enjoy!out 30 minutes. Serve over ice, and you've got homemade lemonade, Chad! Enjoy!"														
Chad, you should go left on the sidewalk on the main road until you pass the cabin and the stoplight, all the way until you're on the street next to the music store. Then you just have to turn right behind the grocery store and walk until you see the lemonade stand.	You can start with squeezing a four or five lemons into a big pitcher, and then adding water until the pitcher is almost full. Next, you can add a tablespoon or two of sugar, depending how sweet you want it. Try it to see if it's sweet enough, and if it isn't then add some more sugar! Mix it all together and pour it into a glass, and you have your own lemonade!														
Hi Chad, you are currently facing North East.The lemonade stand is also north east. You are going to proceed straight. The first thing you will see is a pond and a light pole on your right. Continue straight and north east. You will soon see a carousel in your left, continue north east in a straight line. You will be heading directly towards a water fountain. The lemonade stand is just past this water fountain. Do not change course. Continue straight in a northeastern direction. You have arrived at the lemonade station.	Chad the first thing you must do is gather all of your ingredients and lay them out in front of you on a table. You will need a glass that is half way full of water, 4 lemons, a bag of sugar, a measuring cup for dry ingredients, a sharp knife, a handheld lemon squeezer, and a spoon. Next you will cut all 4 lemons in half with a knife leaving you with 8 pieces. Next, one at a time, place a lemon half face down in the juicer. Hold the juicer directly above the glass halfway full with water. Squeeze the lemon half into the glass. Repeat this process 7 more times. Next take the bag of sugar and measuring spoon. Add 3 tablespoons of sugar to the glass full of water and lemon juice. Stir all the ingredients together with a spoon. Add ice if you?d like. Enjoy, Chad!														
Hey Chad! Take a deep breath and calm down. First, head south towards the big oak tree in the park. Once you reach the oak tree, turn left (east) and walk straight until you see the playground with the colorful swings and slides. Turn right (south) at the playground and keep walking until you reach the main street. When you're at the main street, cross it carefully, and you'll find yourself in front of a small blue building.	Certainly, Chad! Making lemonade at home is a breeze. Begin by thoroughly washing 6-8 medium-sized lemons. Roll each lemon on the countertop to make them easier to juice, then cut them in half. Squeeze the juice using a juicer or citrus reamer, ensuring to remove any seeds. In a pitcher, combine the freshly squeezed lemon juice with 1 cup of granulated sugar, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Adjust the sweetness to your liking. Pour 6 cups of cold water into the pitcher and stir well to create your lemonade base. Taste and make any necessary adjustments, adding more sugar or water as needed. If desired, add ice cubes to chill or refrigerate for a couple of hours. When ready to enjoy, pour the lemonade into a glass, add ice if preferred, and garnish with lemon slices. Now, you've got a homemade, refreshing glass of lemonade, Chad! No more getting lost on your quest for the perfect drink.														
"To get to the lemonade you are going to take a slight left when you first begin. This path will lead you past the pond with lilies in it, which you will see on the right. As you keep walking forward, you will see a red and white carousel on your left. after you pass the carousel, take a left and stop when you see a drinking fountain. From here take another left and stop when you see a shopping center with ""SALE"" signs. then walk forward and take a right when you get to the store (do not go in or near the store). Then walk until you see a lemonade stand served by a person with green hair. Now you have found your lemonade."	Start with some lemons. The more lemons you have the more lemonade you can make. But make sure you get more ingredients if you make more lemonade. Grab your lemons and cut them in half with a knife. Then crab a container to collect the lemon juice. Squeeze the cut lemons into the container and throw away the lemon peels. The take some sugar, which is the grainy white stuff. However, make sure it is actually sugar and not salt. You can test this by licking a small portion. Sugar will be sweet. Then mix 4 spoons of sugar in your juice and mix it together. Put in the fridge to cool and serve when it is cooled to your liking.														
Hi! So first, do you see that dirt path in front of you? Go ahead and follow that! You are going to pass a pond and a carosuel, and then you should reach a water fountain. From there, you should see a grocery store in the near by vicinity, slightly north west. Then, once you reach that store, there will be another dirt path to the right of you. Follow that, and you should reach your destination!	For a single serving, get one lemon. Cut it into half and squeeze the juice into a cup. From there, add 2 tablespoons of granulated white sugar. Add 1/4 cup of hot water and stir until the sugar has dissolved. This means until the all the grains of sugar are gone. Then, add 3/4 cup of cold water and mix. There's your lemonade!														
There is no easy route to the lemonade stand, however there are few places I can use as a landmark for Chad. Chad has to follow the landmarks I mention closely. I think the shortest route to the lemonade stand is the route with the pond with the lilies on the left adjacent to the road that leads to the cocktail bar. Going up head, Chad comes to crossroads, one leads to a grocery shop or a shopping center and one leads to a lemonade stand on the right. Chad should take the immediate left that leads to the Lemonade stand. He would find his lemonade.	I combine freshly squeezed lemon juice with sugar, Stir until the sugar dissolves. I stir well to combine. Then I taste the lemonade to check the sweetness or sourness by adding more sugar or more lemon juice. I then refrigerate my lemonade for at least  thirty minutes before serving. 														
To find the lemonade stand you need to walk up the brown path past the merry go round. Then when following the path you will pass a store. Past the store there is a guy with a green mohawk who sells lemonade at the stand.	First you need to take at least 10 lemons. Cut them open with a knife. Squeeze the lemons into a pitcher until juice falls out. Then add 1 measured cup of water. Add 4 tablespoons of white sugar. Stir with a spoon. Pour into a cup to drink.														
So walk forward until you are standing on a brown path. When you are standing on the path, walk forward on the brown path and then stop when you see a water fountain in front of you. Do not go off the path until you see the water fountain. When you are directly in front of the water fountain, go around it 180 degrees and then walk straight until you see a man behind a stand with a giant lemon on it. Go toward the man and you will find your lemonade. 	Gather 3 lemons, water from the tap, and a bag of white sugar. Get a pitcher and fill it halfway with your water. Then, slice all your lemons in half with a knife. Squeeze out all the juice in your lemons into the pitcher by squeezing the side of the lemon that still has peel on it over the pitcher. Then, gather a measuring cup. Scoop one full cup of sugar from the bag and then dump it into the pitcher. Finally, use a giant spoon and use it to mix all your ingredients. 														
Hey chad to get to the lemonade spot from where you are now,head on straight till you see a music shop,then you take a right where you would see a store,just follow that right lane till you see a sink.when you see the sink,you have reached your destination	"Grab some lemons
Cut the lemons in half and squeeze out all that lemon juice into a pitcher.
Pour in some cold water
Add sugar to taste, start with 3/4 cup and stir it up. Add more if you like it sweeter.
Taste it and adjust the sugar or water until it's just right for you.
add some ice cubes to make it cool"														
You take a right to the park,then from the park you move upwards to a shop,then from there you take a right and follow that road till you see the lemonade stand	"Get your lemons,about 4
squeeze the juice out
add some sugar
add water
mix it up till the taste is perfect
you can add any extra ingredient to spice it up"														
"When you leave your house, the road splits off to the left and the right. If you look to the left, you will see a street light, and to the right of that, a merry go round. From your house, if you look to the right, you will see lines of trees. There is also a pathway that cuts across the park. Follow that path passed the pond with water lilies on the right, and the merry go round on the left. Keep walking until you fully cross the park and you come to a road.
You will see to your right a green porta-potty.  And to the left is a drinking fountain. Turn until you are directly facing the fountain, and then walk left until you see a road to your right.
Turn down that road, until you are directly to the left of the store. There should be a dirt path to your right. Turn and follow that path and you will have reached the lemonade stand."	"First you need some lemons, from where ever you find lemons from. A tree, grocery, your neighbour's orchard. Doesn't matter.
You will need a squeezy thing. I have no idea what that thing is called.
You take the lemons, cut them in half and squeeze them in however way you've managed to do it in, into a pitcher, or some other liquid storage container.
Then you need water. Your guess is as good as mine on how much water you need. Just put a bunch in, and buy more lemons if needed. Mix that together, but save some arm strength for the last step.
After that, you need sugar. Pour it in until the ancestors tell you to stop. And then hope it tastes like lemonade. Continue to buy more liquid storage containers, lemons and sugar as needed until you get the right mix.
And then reconsider why you thought this was easier to do than using google maps."														
Go across the diagonal dirt path that is in between the brown house and the lake. Keep going until you reach the straight paths and turn left at the sink. Then turn right until you reach the grocery store, and then turn right onto a dirt path, and keep walking until you get to the lemonade stand. 	Gather 8 large lemons and cut them in half vertically from the ends. Take a citrus juicer and squeeze out all the juice into a medium bowl. Strain all the juice and remove the pulp. In a seperate bowl, combine the lemon juice (should be one cup) and 1 cup of sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Add ~6 cups cold water and chill in the freezer/fridge, then serve when desired. 														
First, you have to walk straight north until you see a stop light. After you see the stop light, turn right and walk straight until you pass by a kiddie park. After you see the park, take the next left you see and walk straight until you see the lemonade stand.	You start with some lemons, sugar and water. You first squeeze the lemon juice out of 3 lemons. Then take the juice and add 6 cups of water. Add 1 cup of sugar and mix.														
you go in past the pond and carousel, a little left and up past the water fountain, then take the first right and you'll hit it.	first you need to get a juicer, when you have bought a good juicer take it home and unbox it, follow the directions written on the box and plug it in, once you've done that take your lemons and cut them in half using a knife, take one of the halves and use the juicer as directed, repeat until you have used all of your lemon halves. Pour the lemon juice into a pitcher, measure out a cup of sugar using a measuring cup, then pour that into the pitcher along with the lemons. Get a long spoon or ladle that will fit in the pitcher, stir the mixture, and then you are finished making lemonade. Now drink!														
Go straight down the path next to the pond. You will pass a red and white carousel on your left. The path ends at a road intersection. Cross the road on your left - go will be going toward the water fountain. Turn left past the water fountain toward the corner, then right at the corner. There's a path on your right. Take that towards the lemonade stand.	Wash lemons, cutting board, and knife. Cut lemons in half. Squeeze lemons into a measuring cup, stopping when you get about a cup of juice. Pour the juice into a pitcher, then add about a cup of sugar. Add cold water and stir. Taste the lemonade. If it is too strong, add more water and sugar.														
Walk on the trail between the pond and the carousel. Once you reach the water fountain, make a left and then quicklt make a right, you should then see a store with the signs ?Buy Buy? and ?Sale? to your left. Walk past that store and you?ll see another trail. Walk on that trail and you?ll reach the lemonade stand	Take 5 lemons and cut each one into halves using a knife. Take out a lemon squeezer. Take out a bowl. Put each lemon in the squeezer and squeeze it so that juice comes out, do this on top of the bowl. After each lemon is squeezed, throw the remaining peels away. Take out some sugar and a tablespoon. Pour the sugar into the tablespoon until it is filled, and pour the tablespoon of sugar into the bowl. Do this 3 times. Take out a spoon. Use the spoon to mix the ingredients that were poured into the bowl (the lemon juice and sugar). Mix until the sugar is dissolved. Take out a measuring cup and put water into the cup until it is filled. Pour this water into the bowl, and mix with the spoon again. Now your lemonade is done. You can drink it by taking out more cups and pouring from the bowl into the cup. Enjoy your lemonade!														
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
															
